A.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as we start, it is pretty dawn
Tim Sackton: in the harbor of
Tim Sackton: the port town of Castella
Tim Sackton: over the past
Tim Sackton: now 21 days until Apollo is
Tim Sackton: over the past 3 days, as you traveled from
Tim Sackton: Nevium, near thee.
Tim Sackton: near the canal northwest. Up this peninsula
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: accrued some
Tim Sackton: assistance in the form of Arcino, an old fisherman who knows the water super well, but
Tim Sackton: heard his hand in a shipwreck and can't sail anymore.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Hipaa, good barrow, the captain of the Summers breeze a
Tim Sackton: A a ship that is not so much a dedicated trader as something of a halfling party boat.
Tim Sackton: but convinced by
Tim Sackton: I think Kong rolling well for Dell. With that they should
Tim Sackton: work hard to try and rescue
Tim Sackton: Milo Thistlefoot, another halfling, a daring adventure
Tim Sackton: who has been missing for the past year, and is the last person who is ever known to
Tim Sackton: return from the western side of this
Tim Sackton: you've also learned
Tim Sackton: 2 possible sources of
Tim Sackton: water breathing.
Tim Sackton: One which I think was the
Tim Sackton: one you wanted to search for.
Tim Sackton: is a stone-born hermit and alchemist named
Tim Sackton: Kazoro, who apparently lives in a cave off the coast somewhere.
Tim Sackton: and the other
Tim Sackton: the mystic of Tomorrow Bay
Tim Sackton: is possibly, although they're not certainly a man
Tim Sackton: formerly known as Dorian, who left Castrella maybe
Tim Sackton: 15 years ago.
Tim Sackton: Searching for murfolk or something. The story was not clear, but never returned, but some rumors persist that some mystic who can
Tim Sackton: control the water lives in
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow Bay.
Tim Sackton: And as we begin.
Tim Sackton: if you'll all
Tim Sackton: you're on roll 20,
Tim Sackton: you are status around.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's
Tim Sackton: you are standing around Welby's map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows?
Tim Sackton: From Tullis, the map seller in Castrella, with Pipa and Martino discussing.
Tim Sackton: where should we go
Tim Sackton: as you prepare to sail on the
Tim Sackton: morning tide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where he where?
Mike Sackton: We're in Castrella.
Tim Sackton: Stella.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Where is the what was the name of the place? The
Mike Sackton: alchemist Guy was.
Tim Sackton: A cave off the coast of Sedrano.
Tim Sackton: You don't know precisely what.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere along here. Okay. So.
Tim Sackton: Island, or something.
Mike Sackton: And then the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Mike Sackton: Milo is was last seen in tomorrow bay right.
Tim Sackton: Well, he wasn't nobody. Nobody lives in.
Mike Sackton: And okay, that's but that's why we'd be. That's.
Kate Sackton: In the mystic of tomorrow bay
Kate Sackton: like that area. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What about my do we know where?
Tim Sackton: Don't know where. Milo. Okay. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: Dragged underwater by Murpholk.
Tim Sackton: Last session, thought he had been dragged underwater by Murphok. You attempt to describe, and failed.
Tim Sackton: The the ballot of the jade garden said that the kelp forests and the jade garden were due west of tomorrow bay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now it's funny how there's a perfectly normal and healthy looking ship on one side and then on the other side, it looks kind of like a destroyed ship, which is a bad sign, for I mean.
Mike Sackton: Passable waters right like I mean.
Mike Sackton: that might be a hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder what's so deadly about the wastes over there? I'd be interested to, I was going to say, find out.
Mike Sackton: Probably we should head upriver to the deadly waste right just to see why they're deadly, cause, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could be a problem we could solve. You know.
Kate Sackton: 21 days.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm I'm joking. I'm joking.
Eric Rosenbaum: In other words, plenty of time. Yeah, that's right.
Mike Sackton: We have 20 days to figure out the deadly wastes half a day for the Merfoke, half a day for the other jade hand, and then kill a polyon.
Mike Sackton: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't that
Eric Rosenbaum: at Rip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's the website? Eric made a website, a countdown clock website.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's in the text. Thread.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, you should start each campaign, but that we should start, you know the session. But just like that the website should just pop up.
Tim Sackton: I'm I'm curious what it says now, though I'm loading it.
Mike Sackton: It's.
Eric Rosenbaum: It it it actually, it doesn't work properly. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And work. It says.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is like, I know it says 25 days, 23 h, 59.
Tim Sackton: But its own.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's.
Tim Sackton: Wasn't.
Mike Sackton: No, the website's right, Tim. You've done a math error somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, just you just change a URL parameter today.
Tim Sackton: Remaining equals, 26.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, now.
Mike Sackton: So the question is, are we gonna try and find this cave, or do we head straight for tomorrow by? I think.
Kate Sackton: I think we have to try to hug the coast a little bit and see if we see signs of a
Kate Sackton: coastal Stonebourne
Kate Sackton: cause. That's a better bet.
Kate Sackton: like an actual known person.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're saying, because Stonebourne are big, we'll be able to see them from the water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could. Potentially we get dropped off somewhere and then teleport back onto the ship in progress and not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lose time that way.
Tim Sackton: Here's the ship!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting point. You raise. Well, the very practical one.
Mike Sackton: Just take a piece.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chimp!
Mike Sackton: It should work right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sherry.
Tim Sackton: Some size point at which you can no longer teleport like
Tim Sackton: moving vehicles, ceased to be places at a certain size point, and you don't know quite what the size is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Never tried before. You're pretty sure you could teleport to binge shard. Huh!
Tim Sackton: You're pretty sure you couldn't teleport to like.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Folded boat. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well.
Tim Sackton: That would.
Mike Sackton: Try it.
Tim Sackton: Big enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: the what do you say?
Eric Rosenbaum: But like performance would suggest that there should be no problem with this like, See what's done. Really? Well, so.
Mike Sackton: What time of day is it.
Tim Sackton: Well, right now you're standing around the map with
Tim Sackton: in it.
Mike Sackton: And now.
Tim Sackton: It's what time it's 3 in the morning
Tim Sackton: or in the morning.
Mike Sackton: So we have not yet slept.
Tim Sackton: No, you've just woken up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay, fine. So
Mike Sackton: tonight.
Mike Sackton: just try to teleport
Mike Sackton: to the boat right? Like
Mike Sackton: we'll send you it in the folding boat
Mike Sackton: 500 feet, and you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you can.
Mike Sackton: Just test it right before you sleep.
Tim Sackton: That could end so badly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I would just.
Mike Sackton: Only for seeker, true.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would be in in the
Eric Rosenbaum: in the water, which would be wet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Mike Sackton: Seeker. What are you worried about? Exactly.
Mike Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that? What's the name for the a tiny circular boat like I could
Eric Rosenbaum: performance and creation a coracle around me. Would that come with me, especially if it was a sort of trousers. Coracle.
Eric Rosenbaum: This there's or like, you know, like I.
Mike Sackton: I thought we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Overalls, but it just.
Mike Sackton: Send you out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Giant basket.
Mike Sackton: In the folding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I didn't want.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I can't teleport that. I don't think.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no! So what? It's just 500 feet away we could. I'll fly, dealt with Will happily swim over and drag it back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on! Hang on! Hang on this.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I tangent down the question of what should we do next? Maybe let's decide what to do next.
Mike Sackton: And see if it's relevant.
Tim Sackton: As looking at you kind of like. I got my credit
Tim Sackton: 4 in the morning against their desires, to listen to argue about magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, listen, 1,000% full speed out of the bay headed northwest. We'll figure it out while we're gathering speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Call.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there's not really a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sale on.
Mike Sackton: Questionable.
Kate Sackton: Luck.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like, don't we have to go out around the point, anyway? So get moving. Go out around the point. We don't need to discuss further
Mike Sackton: turning, but.
Kate Sackton: Well, I think what we need to like.
Kate Sackton: Push it back to them like, what's the likelihood of
Kate Sackton: spotting a hermit Stonebourne somewhere along the coast. If we're not walking
Kate Sackton: like.
Kate Sackton: do they scout for stuff? Do they explore things? Have they ever noticed anything?
Kate Sackton: Is our crotch of the old man awake?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Martina's awake. He's with you. Martino and Pippa are standing right here.
Kate Sackton: Have opinions about the likelihood of finding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, how do we? How do we find those guys.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: you have more to go on. Besides, he's stoneworm.
Tim Sackton: Make
Tim Sackton: live somewhere
Tim Sackton: in a village.
Kate Sackton: You know he's a hermit, so gonna be far from villages.
Tim Sackton: Hmm! Well.
Tim Sackton: the only
Tim Sackton: only place that's really deserted
Tim Sackton: is Kalkara Island, and he points to this.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he's
Eric Rosenbaum: and I
Eric Rosenbaum: and missed.
Tim Sackton: Villages all along the coast here
Tim Sackton: good fishing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is. Kenzo's like kind of, or a sense like basically like what Kenzie will try to do is they haven't hung out with some strong board now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, can he? You know, like I, you know how, when I commute with nature, I can kind of extend out like several mile radius to just kind of sense, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will just spend all of my energy and focus just trying to do that, trying to tune into like stone giant signature.
Mike Sackton: So wait before you do this. We're pretty. We're pretty far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying like, this is what I want to do. As we get closer and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me!
Mike Sackton: Because dealt with all will also
Mike Sackton: Ask sort of pause in the discussion from it, and say.
Mike Sackton: let me let me ask
Mike Sackton: some advice here for a minute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, we should totally do that. Don't we have charges of like? Should we go in this direction or that direction?
Mike Sackton: Even better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna cast contact other plane like once a day for use.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: And I'm gonna ask the Tachy
Mike Sackton: if there is a stone born hermit on the north side of such and such. What's the name of the island?
Tim Sackton: Kara Island.
Mike Sackton: Is there a. Is there a Stoneborne hermit living on the north side of Karcara Island?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: But north side specifically no.
Mike Sackton: Well, I get 5 questions. How about the south side.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Okay, how about the West Side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying anywhere, person.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I only.
Mike Sackton: Eat wet.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yes.
Kate Sackton: Best, say.
Eric Rosenbaum: A outside story.
Mike Sackton: So the west side is presumably this, like
Mike Sackton: actually relatively smaller part of the island around the point.
Tim Sackton: The point in that sort of area around the point. You know.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything else.
Eric Rosenbaum: This area yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does the Stonebourn live alone? Might.
Mike Sackton: Does this?
Eric Rosenbaum: Important.
Mike Sackton: Live, alone.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is his favorite gift?
Tim Sackton: But one.
Mike Sackton: Well, one word answers
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: What's
Mike Sackton: this stone board hermits?
Mike Sackton: Greatest desire.
Eric Rosenbaum: We? We probably can't find the most noble snowboarding girlfriend on short notice, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's got weird interest. I wasn't into that centre.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, in there now!
Eric Rosenbaum: We, we'll check our mirror inventory for
Eric Rosenbaum: compatible creature.
Tim Sackton: Legacy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really, we're a dating service man.
Kate Sackton: Legacy like it.
Mike Sackton: It's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! We could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: A as a as a side note, Kong, your
Tim Sackton: or our perception.
Tim Sackton: You can extend your perception up to 28 miles.
Mike Sackton: Perfect. So let's tell Pippa to sale with full speed to the west coast of
Mike Sackton: Carco Island, and then Kenzo will find the stone board from there.
Tim Sackton: And that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Select his story. That's his legacy is to be.
Mike Sackton: And Kenzo will go to him and inscribe his story in all of Kenzo's fancy story inscription, things in exchange for helping us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lovey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beautiful, beautiful.
Tim Sackton: So our perception ability. By the way, it's not once a day you can do it once a day for free.
Tim Sackton: After that it takes 4 key to use again.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you set sail?
Tim Sackton: still in the dark.
Tim Sackton: The sun
Tim Sackton: not yet cracking above the horizon.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to pick up speed.
Tim Sackton: Catching the outgoing tide.
Tim Sackton: which runs pretty fast out of this out of this bay. That's why you're up so early is to get the
Tim Sackton: departing tide.
Tim Sackton: So you managed to make a good clip on the summer's breeze.
Tim Sackton: Martino sitting in the
Tim Sackton: the bow
Tim Sackton: watching the waves as you
Tim Sackton: sale
Tim Sackton: traveling.
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: reaching
Tim Sackton: the midpoint of the of this long Castella Bay by
Tim Sackton: by 5 Am. And reaching the rounding the tip by 7 Am. About 4 h after
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: maybe maybe 5 h 8 am.
Tim Sackton: As the sun comes out, and it begins to get bright. As you
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: reach the open ocean.
Tim Sackton: There's a strong wind blowing
Tim Sackton: onshore sea breeze, so you're sort of tacking across the wind. The waves have picked up.
Tim Sackton: It's a bit rocky going as you round the point, and by
Tim Sackton: far as that
Tim Sackton: by
Tim Sackton: oh, that's only 6 miles by 9.
Tim Sackton: You've made your way into this channel.
Tim Sackton: Sailing between the
Tim Sackton: rocky headlands of
Tim Sackton: the this
Tim Sackton: prominence, this point.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: And the cliffs of
Tim Sackton: call Kara Island.
Tim Sackton: and you can see even now, as you begin sailing through this channel, that the
Tim Sackton: this, the
Tim Sackton: Carcalla Island is. It's got these tall
Tim Sackton: limestone
Tim Sackton: sea cliffs with jagged rocks. It's
Tim Sackton: tricky navigation actually, to this channel.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: at the southern tip of the island. Here you can see up on the Armenog, up on the
Tim Sackton: though
Tim Sackton: the the sort of headlands what looks like a sort of ruined fort of some kind.
Tim Sackton: completely abandoned, although you do see signs of a few small. There's like along the
Tim Sackton: mainland coast as a few small fishing villages.
Tim Sackton: By
Tim Sackton: noon or so
Tim Sackton: you've reached
Tim Sackton: you've reached here. You've reached fairly close to the
Tim Sackton: to the tip.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Western picks
Tim Sackton: of the island, and Kenzo comes to stand on the the
Tim Sackton: proud of the boat for a minute and spends a moment meditating.
Tim Sackton: reaching your consciousness out to feel for the presence of any stone board.
Tim Sackton: you just
Tim Sackton: like here.
Tim Sackton: So it doesn't focus. It doesn't work entirely. It's so. It works sort of like locate object. It gives you a sense of the
Tim Sackton: direction and distance it doesn't like. It's not like a radar that just constantly pings, but it gives you a pretty good sense of.
Tim Sackton: was actually a
Tim Sackton: a number of stoneborn
Tim Sackton: within 20 miles from. There seems to be a handful living in
Tim Sackton: a village or 2
Tim Sackton: along the coast. Almost do
Tim Sackton: nearly nearly at the edge of your
Tim Sackton: of your consciousness, due west.
Tim Sackton: But the single solitary stoneborn that you presume is the one you're looking for
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: almost exactly 4 and a half miles
Tim Sackton: like north
Tim Sackton: northeast from the point where you are.
Tim Sackton: which would be just just slightly around.
Tim Sackton: that northern, that western tip.
Tim Sackton: And so, with Kenzo's guidance and
Tim Sackton: Pivot's crew turns the ship.
Tim Sackton: And you begin to
Tim Sackton: you're now.
Tim Sackton: Can't quite sail directly offshore, because there's a do onshore booze. Yup.
Tim Sackton: so you're kind of tacking and sort of making your way slowly around takes another hour
Tim Sackton: to sort of round that point.
Tim Sackton: and you can see now this coastline there's was like.
Tim Sackton: or
Tim Sackton: Haynes
Tim Sackton: in the in the side of this tall white limestone cliff.
Tim Sackton: one is
Tim Sackton: the right by the point is small and
Tim Sackton: caved in, and probably not
Tim Sackton: navigable by a boat.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: western. The next one over heading east
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: well be would notice this even from some distance away. You can't. The ship. The big ship itself can't get too close to the coast, because there's like crashing waves and
Tim Sackton: like this is not.
Tim Sackton: This is not something I mean, they're just kind of dropped their sea anchor and sort of
Tim Sackton: holding points about.
Tim Sackton: you know, 500,000 yards off
Tim Sackton: off the cliffs at the moment, as you kind of look, peering well, be peering with through your spyglass the second one from the
Tim Sackton: east from the point. The second cave. It is smaller.
Tim Sackton: but there are signs, maybe, that it's been worked
Tim Sackton: like the entrance has been shaped and cleared a little bit.
Tim Sackton: The third is like this great gash in the side of the
Tim Sackton: cliff. You can see waves going in and out like it looks like there's a
Tim Sackton: It's it almost looks
Tim Sackton: it doesn't look like it goes very far deep, but it's a it's a really tall, wide opening, like a a pretty tall masted ship, if it was road not sailed, could probably row in that one.
Tim Sackton: and then the furthest
Tim Sackton: away of the 4 kings is
Tim Sackton: again smaller, and looks.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the cave edge itself is. It's now so the tide was going out. It's now low tide
Tim Sackton: your judgment. Well, be based on your
Tim Sackton: nautical experience and your ridiculous skills at everything
Tim Sackton: is that at high tide this cave would be completely underwater.
Eric Rosenbaum: How so? How high are these cliffs.
Tim Sackton: I don't know exactly like
Tim Sackton: what is a reasonable height, but imagine, like
Tim Sackton: you know, the cliffy parts of Southeast
Tim Sackton: England, or something like that, like white cliffs of Dover type.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how tall that is in real life, but that's the sort of vision you should imagine.
Tim Sackton: as I can look on the Internet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guesses anybody 100 feet.
Tim Sackton: 350 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn!
Tim Sackton: But it varies right? So they're they're probably, you know. It's
Tim Sackton: Cliff line that's running from between
Tim Sackton: 200 to 400 feet, roughly above sea level.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is where the stoneworm lives.
Eric Rosenbaum: and this is a he works with the ocean, this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's probably not at the top of the cliff.
Tim Sackton: This is what you've heard
Tim Sackton: was no.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of them.
Kate Sackton: He makes.
Tim Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Kate Sackton: Even if he makes potions for breathing underwater, it probably doesn't take them constantly, so probably not the totally submerged cave.
Kate Sackton: You might use it sometimes, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cave is squared, cave is periodically submerged.
Tim Sackton: Justin hi.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tie them.
Tim Sackton: There's 4 cans, remember.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there any nearby sea life like? Can we ask a dolphin.
Kate Sackton: Or a seabird.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there's lots of I mean, there's
Tim Sackton: turns flying around. There's
Tim Sackton: it's May. So the
Tim Sackton: nesting
Tim Sackton: gannets are beginning to
Tim Sackton: gather. There's pelicans.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll talk.
Tim Sackton: She's yeah mushk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's it? How about a gannet? I feel like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nesting birds would be paying attention to where large creatures are.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: make a make a all handling
Tim Sackton: check.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you yeah. I mean.
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: watch for a few minutes until you see Gannet diving for fish close to the boat.
Tim Sackton: Kind of call it over and ask telepathically.
Tim Sackton: but for large creatures.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, where the where the like 2 legged creature lives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: says
Tim Sackton: how to get it. Communicate this
Tim Sackton: on
Tim Sackton: on flat, floaty thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Bad fishing cave.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which cave.
Kate Sackton: Bad fishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one that's bad for fishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I love that.
Tim Sackton: Flies, flies up a little, and sort of, you know, sores a little bit over the water, and kind of flaps its wings and says.
Tim Sackton: Stop, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, show you
Eric Rosenbaum: have it. Fly to that one.
Tim Sackton: And says.
Tim Sackton: Bark, bark, live.
Tim Sackton: eat fish.
Mike Sackton: The lions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Her dog.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright? Are there sea lions or dogs in.
Tim Sackton: Make a make a perception check.
Tim Sackton: You're pretty far out. But scanning with a spyglass and with Welby's eyesight you might be able to see it.
Tim Sackton: It's probably a little far to
Tim Sackton: CC. Lions if they're just perched on the
Tim Sackton: rocks and not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we unfold both and get closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go.
Kate Sackton: Here we go!
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna be rowing, I think, because it's too hard. It's too tricky to approach with the waves and the tricky winds by sale, but it's not far. It's like a thousand yards. So
Tim Sackton: you set out rowing, and.
Tim Sackton: you know, make a well, actually, well, we make a
Tim Sackton: fax plus
Tim Sackton: proficiency like for boat handling.
Kate Sackton: Does will be need me to like. Know what I'm doing?
Kate Sackton: Would that be helpful.
Tim Sackton: So it's this is you're in the small boat.
Tim Sackton: I presume.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry one, just a second. Yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get that for the other phone.
Tim Sackton: You got it from Cadmus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Remember, is using it to sale to sail around the
Tim Sackton: yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it. 29 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Ridiculous.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you navigate closer, and you can see that the
Tim Sackton: as you get closer to the cliffs under Welby's skilled
Tim Sackton: navigation you can see that the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: closest of the not the not the cave with the tumbled in.
Tim Sackton: but the
Tim Sackton: the second cave, the one that it looks like where the
Tim Sackton: where the entrance has been worked slightly. There's like a jumbled pile of rocks.
Tim Sackton: Just out front of that cave.
Tim Sackton: and there's maybe 10 per seals
Tim Sackton: camped out on them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll I'll reach out to them telepathically. Hey, hey, guys, we're
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're coming in. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. What are they?
Tim Sackton: For seals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, first you.
Tim Sackton: Right, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, yep, you got it.
Tim Sackton: Fish, flash, fish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have any fish?
Mike Sackton: We could probably catch some.
Mike Sackton: or maybe.
Kate Sackton: So myself.
Tim Sackton: One of them dives and then swims up, and holding a fish in its mouth.
Tim Sackton: Fish, fish.
Mike Sackton: Can I
Tim Sackton: Use that.
Mike Sackton: Can I? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean us fish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I'll say thank you so much. That's very generous of you.
Tim Sackton: Bro. Is like to
Tim Sackton: add fish onto your boat.
Tim Sackton: dives down below, swimming around comes up on the other side.
Tim Sackton: More more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, thank you. We're good on fish.
Tim Sackton: Spams off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we head into the cave. Then.
Mike Sackton: I think so
Mike Sackton: right like.
Tim Sackton: So you row into the cave
Tim Sackton: and you pass through this narrow opening
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: see. The inside is lit with this
Tim Sackton: kind of eerie blue light that seems to be not entirely natural.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: Glowing from the walls.
Tim Sackton: sometimes even from the water. A little bit.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: sec
Tim Sackton: a.
Tim Sackton: I need it.
Tim Sackton: Change the music here.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is probably the place.
Tim Sackton: and as you enter
Tim Sackton: you, you slowly silly, and you see these this dock, and then stairs leading up
Tim Sackton: through the cave.
Tim Sackton: And you see
Tim Sackton: like the the stairs, lead up and sort of curve around in a way that you can't see where they lead.
Tim Sackton: There is a small raft docked at the boat
Tim Sackton: and sitting half submerged in the water, is a stoneborn near the dock.
Tim Sackton: skin bluish like bluish gray limestone
Tim Sackton: wearing blue robes. That seem
Tim Sackton: not to be wet from the water.
Tim Sackton: sitting still
Tim Sackton: like a statue.
Tim Sackton: the water up to his chest.
Tim Sackton: and as you enter.
Tim Sackton: sees your boat coming in the cave. He stands up
Tim Sackton: looks at you for a moment, and then grumbles in common.
Tim Sackton: Who are you to disturb my meditation
Tim Sackton: begins to walk.
Tim Sackton: and as he walks you he! He seems to be walking almost up underwater steps that lead up to the dock, and he comes and stands on the dock as you approach to
Tim Sackton: tie up your ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What language is he speaking?
Tim Sackton: Carmen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Common.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kevin so say.
Tim Sackton: He is
Tim Sackton: annoyed
Tim Sackton: and sort of
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: a bit grumpy to be interrupted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are late.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
Tim Sackton: He's not.
Tim Sackton: He's certainly not anywhere close to as powerful as you are.
Tim Sackton: although he does have his unique talents.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I have any sense of those talents.
Tim Sackton: not really, I mean, he seems pretty in tune with the ocean
Tim Sackton: is definitely sort of
Tim Sackton: wise and strong is what you know. He's
Tim Sackton: good at
Tim Sackton: Clearly. Hermitage, like Charisma, is his lowest ability.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: heck.
Mike Sackton: Deliff will
Mike Sackton: apologize for intruding.
Mike Sackton: Who did we? Sorry I didn't actually get a chance to do this session? Who do we learn this rumor from.
Tim Sackton: It's interesting.
Mike Sackton: Just the
Mike Sackton: just somebody.
Tim Sackton: Asking around at. So a after you left you. They went and hung around in the taverns for the evening, just gather generic rumors, and this was generic. So
Tim Sackton: in Castella, right.
Mike Sackton: So delic, will apologize for the intrusion,
Mike Sackton: and explain that
Mike Sackton: we come
Mike Sackton: only
Mike Sackton: due to great need, seeking the help of
Mike Sackton: someone such as yourself, and explain sort of somewhat
Mike Sackton: flatteringly, like we need your expertise. Blah blah blah
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: you know we heard of you in
Mike Sackton: Gastrala. We don't know this person's name, do we.
Tim Sackton: You the name. Well, Caesaro is the name that you heard.
Mike Sackton: Of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Confirm it.
Mike Sackton: and that we are
Mike Sackton: part of a
Mike Sackton: great
Mike Sackton: story
Mike Sackton: mission
Mike Sackton: Quest.
Mike Sackton: where we are seeking information from
Mike Sackton: the Murph to the west, and we thought it was unwise to venture so far
Mike Sackton: out to sea without a way of
Mike Sackton: breathing the water.
Mike Sackton: and we came
Mike Sackton: seeking
Mike Sackton: your advice on
Mike Sackton: how we might achieve that, for we had heard tales that
Mike Sackton: this is something
Mike Sackton: you could do.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasion check.
Tim Sackton: He he looks.
Mike Sackton: Roll, the one.
Tim Sackton: Looks around as you're speaking
Tim Sackton: like looking at all of you in turn. Seeming particularly
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: curious about the dwarves, about seeker and rising.
Tim Sackton: And he
Tim Sackton: kind of.
Tim Sackton: you know, nods briefly, at least, inviting you as far as to like, you know. Come up, get off your boat, come, sit down.
Tim Sackton: saying.
Tim Sackton: tell me more about this
Tim Sackton: story.
Tim Sackton: Everybody nowadays seeks to
Tim Sackton: hake
Tim Sackton: shortcuts and not do the work
Tim Sackton: just come for favors.
Tim Sackton: All I get are
Tim Sackton: favor seekers.
Tim Sackton: Why should your favor?
Tim Sackton: He's so special.
Tim Sackton: And as he says this, as he says this, he's turning away and kind of walking up the stairs like.
Tim Sackton: Follow me or not.
Tim Sackton: I don't care.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo, as he starts to turn. Says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: favors me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the only of the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but some stories can echo into the future
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for centuries.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm capable of telling such stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If that's of interest to you.
Tim Sackton: He's, he says, as he's walking up the stairs kind of to himself. Not
Tim Sackton: not
Tim Sackton: really paying attention. If anybody is
Tim Sackton: following or not.
Tim Sackton: It says.
Tim Sackton: indeed.
Tim Sackton: there are many stories I've heard.
Tim Sackton: The ocean
Tim Sackton: has every story.
Tim Sackton: Are you following him as as.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is at least
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Risen ventures to complement. You know
Kate Sackton: they.
Kate Sackton: in the
Kate Sackton: service of my gods, and attempts to
Kate Sackton: be part of stories that make the world a better place. I've seen many wondrous things in your home is
Kate Sackton: quite remarkable.
Tim Sackton: He, he kind of so as you. He's sort of shaking his head a little bit as you go up these stairs. You see.
Tim Sackton: as you get to the top
Tim Sackton: of this set of stairs, there's a
Tim Sackton: sort of a living area that's been set up. There's a there's no no walls or anything, but there's like a a
Tim Sackton: paper screen that he sort of pushes aside, and there's
Tim Sackton: a series of windows that have been cleverly caught in the stone that allow sunlight to filter through and illuminate
Tim Sackton: from this area. There's
Tim Sackton: a bed, there's a
Tim Sackton: simple hearth.
Tim Sackton: a dash, a chest.
Tim Sackton: and then there's a separate area that's sort of closed off
Tim Sackton: any sort of
Tim Sackton: motions. It's a fairly big room. He motions for you to sit on the floor and
Tim Sackton: begin sort of bustling around
Tim Sackton: making some
Tim Sackton: something cooking water.
Tim Sackton: And he's sort of talking as as he as he does this
Tim Sackton: saying, You know.
Tim Sackton: story is
Tim Sackton: quests.
Tim Sackton: What is it that you even want from me?
Tim Sackton: My help?
Tim Sackton: Yes, that's what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your help.
Tim Sackton: Everything I would give you
Tim Sackton: I would take from the ocean to grant to you.
Tim Sackton: Why should you have it
Tim Sackton: done nothing?
Tim Sackton: Where are you from, anyway?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim wasn't any of the other Stonebourne that we met.
Tim Sackton: Like on the other side of the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was it Trakad.
Tim Sackton: Your cod was John's character.
Mike Sackton: There was. What's her name? The one Umli.
Tim Sackton: Was the smith who made stuff for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, they probably don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just shoot this thing through about the the stoneware that we've interacted with for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just what do we know about Stonebourne? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: In.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What? What? Yes, where are we from?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from Dunmar.
Kate Sackton: From the coastal mountains
Kate Sackton: in the south.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And green
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from the green sea.
Mike Sackton: A mara.
Tim Sackton: Oh, so far away.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm in search of the Norfolk.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's something that they
Eric Rosenbaum: we think that they have, that we need.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: why is it
Tim Sackton: that something you deserve?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because it's not for us. It's for everybody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But.
Tim Sackton: Starts pouring out some sort of tea.
Tim Sackton: that it not be said I am inhospitable, but
Tim Sackton: you have given me little reason to
Tim Sackton: make sacrifices on your behalf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, perhaps there's 2 potential motivations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as my friend Wellbey says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: our purpose in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: traveling into the oceans to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: try and meet them or folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our goal is to try to prevent the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unleashing of a terrible evil that will undoubtedly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: impact you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: impact these oceans in the months and years to come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't seek treasure, we don't seek Lori.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We seek to contain a dark and menacing evil that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25 days.
Tim Sackton: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23 days so there's great urgency in our in our mission.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So helping us would be of service
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually to you, and also potentially to those that you care for, including the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the other motivation, as I mentioned, and also my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brendan bell of storyteller Wellbeat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I sense that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where we sense that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your presence here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and perhaps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps they are meant for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a larger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to be told
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to be heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and perhaps we might be able to help share
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your story.
Tim Sackton: Make a make an insight check
Tim Sackton: with advantage because you're still setting it.
Kate Sackton: It would be noble work to
Kate Sackton: learn from you, and not take shortcuts for our
Kate Sackton: urgency. Not so great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19.
Kate Sackton: I'm sure you have wonderful. You have great skills to teach.
Kate Sackton: Were there not peril close.
Tim Sackton: Kenza you when you're
Tim Sackton: when Kong, when Kenzo is talking about like fighting a great evil.
Tim Sackton: you can send something in his.
Tim Sackton: you know, with your soul site something in his, or he's
Tim Sackton: reminiscing. He seems like he's
Tim Sackton: sort of curious, but also like
Tim Sackton: like there's there's a tinge of sort of pain, or trauma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Tim Sackton: Spreads through his aura when you're talking about fighting great evil.
Tim Sackton: And Seth, as you're saying, this.
Tim Sackton: been in wars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I sense. I sense that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you have experienced some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some such. You've confronted such evil yourself. You relate to our quest.
Mike Sackton: Where were you in.
Tim Sackton: You know
Tim Sackton: the war of the dark rift
Tim Sackton: umbrell conclave.
Mike Sackton: Do? I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dewey.
Tim Sackton: Nope,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is your check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Arkan check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I kind of check.
Tim Sackton: History, history for
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and seeker only.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dammit.
Eric Rosenbaum: History.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on. History.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck 9.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1 28.
Tim Sackton: Enzo has not heard of this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's another shit about history. Kendall wasn't paying attention to class.
Tim Sackton: Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. To come.
Tim Sackton: When he mentions this, the war of the dark Rift. It does trigger
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: not. Not that much is known about the actual. You know you haven't. You don't remember the details of the war or anything like that? It happened after the Great War like
Tim Sackton: 150 years ago. Something like that, like
Tim Sackton: 50, 90, 1,600 something around that timeline.
Tim Sackton: So when Dell with was in the shadow realm
Tim Sackton: well, before well, we was born,
Tim Sackton: What
Tim Sackton: sticks in your mind is that?
Tim Sackton: the the, the the thing that sort of
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: discussed about this war in
Tim Sackton: the lore of the
Tim Sackton: The dwarven kingdoms in the in the sentinels
Tim Sackton: is that it was
Tim Sackton: incredibly devastating, and the, as far as anybody knows, the all, the whole dwarven civilization that used to live in what's now labeled on the map. The deadly weight
Tim Sackton: was completely wiped out.
Tim Sackton: There was some
Tim Sackton: nobody quite knows how it started.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: conflict was sparked by what seemed to be some kind of extra plan or incursion from the shadow foul
Tim Sackton: deep under the mountains.
Tim Sackton: Like right here, right these mountains
Tim Sackton: is where it began.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wasn't looking at the thing, but.
Tim Sackton: Like, write it down.
Mike Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: What's labeled a deadly wage.
Mike Sackton: Deadly wastes became deadly in this war.
Tim Sackton: And it
Tim Sackton: used to be a dwarven and stone dwarven kingdom there.
Tim Sackton: and thinking on it now you, you remember, like risen, spent a while looking for dwarves in Castella, and there were no dwarves in Castella.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right.
Eric Rosenbaum: but that means there could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, the
Eric Rosenbaum: remains of a whole dwarven civilization that we could return.
Mike Sackton: We should have gone.
Mike Sackton: Why, why did we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Society.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if we not go to the wastes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're we're duty bound to go and recover.
Kate Sackton: Very nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like could have gotten in.
Kate Sackton: We could have gotten an awesome, dwarven, specific plague.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Kate Sackton: Shadow, plague.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it was.
Mike Sackton: Fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: It wasn't sounds like it wasn't a plague. It was probably creatures.
Mike Sackton: Dear.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm up.
Tim Sackton: I'll just.
Mike Sackton: No living dwarves, so maybe it was a plague.
Tim Sackton: It's not
Tim Sackton: So the the there was this shadowy group, and there's not a lot like. So they.
Tim Sackton: the dwarven kingdom was basically destroyed. Then the shadowy group called the Umbrell covenant sort of spread out from the mountains, and
Tim Sackton: Was eventually defeated by Chardin, which was the impetus for how
Tim Sackton: these 3 provinces became Chardonnian
Tim Sackton: Nevian was, was completely burned.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: what you, the main
Tim Sackton: thing you remember Seeker, remembers from your
Tim Sackton: reading and knowledge was how this is like
Tim Sackton: disgust, as the great tragedy, like it was never a huge dwarven.
Tim Sackton: There was never a lot of dwarves here.
Tim Sackton: but there was a dwarven kingdom under the mountains. That is now, as far as anybody knows, completely gone. And indeed, a lot of the
Tim Sackton: a lot of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Soldiers of the umbral covenant seemed to be
Tim Sackton: like reanimated shells of undead dwarves.
Tim Sackton: so maybe it was a plague.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the rift itself
Eric Rosenbaum: was that in a particular place that we know about.
Tim Sackton: Not nothing in your memory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mean it.
Tim Sackton: Somewhere in the deadly waste. There's an extra plan or weak point to shadow, shadow, foul.
Tim Sackton: or a portal to shout a file.
Tim Sackton: whether it's still there or not nobody knows.
Tim Sackton: In any case, a seekers are calling this and
Kate Sackton: Educating the rest of us.
Mike Sackton: Well, are you sharing facts about it, or do you just like hmm, yes, I've heard of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll I'll just give you a one liner about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that explains about the dwarves in this area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got telephony going right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I can say a little bit more about it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you'd have telepathy for the next like 15 min, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: I assume you always start telephony anytime. You set off on any kind of adventure, but it only lasts for an hour, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, he looks as you know.
Tim Sackton: Seeker says, yeah, I know.
Tim Sackton: So I was surprised to see dwarves here.
Tim Sackton: But, as you say you're from far away, and
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: strange songs on the oceans these days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange songs, who sings them.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: whales
Tim Sackton: ocean itself
Tim Sackton: just a little.
Tim Sackton: No matter. The
Tim Sackton: nobility of your quest
Tim Sackton: do not know if I can
Tim Sackton: give up my resources to those who
Tim Sackton: are such novices
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Wet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Between us we have
Eric Rosenbaum: quite a depth of
Eric Rosenbaum: skill and lore.
Eric Rosenbaum: but under the beneath the waves is a world
Eric Rosenbaum: less known to us. We are
Eric Rosenbaum: curious to learn.
Tim Sackton: Do you wish I had somebody to teach
Tim Sackton: grow old and weary.
Mike Sackton: What is it
Mike Sackton: that you would teach.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasion, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just make him a simulacrum of himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can have.
Mike Sackton: A one and a 20 are my 2 roles for this guy.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's like.
Mike Sackton: 30.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go! He.
Tim Sackton: He looks his sort of eyes light up
Tim Sackton: for a minute when you ask that
Tim Sackton: and he looks at deal with, and he says.
Tim Sackton: you know he goes. He starts. He sort of talks animatedly for a while about everything that he's learned in a hundred years of listening to the ocean, and and
Tim Sackton: how it just takes. He seems particularly
Tim Sackton: keen and eager that an elf asked him this and that nobody else would really understand. It takes
Tim Sackton: decades
Tim Sackton: to understand exactly what each
Tim Sackton: each ripple in the water means, and the messages that each wave carries
Tim Sackton: and how to hear them.
Tim Sackton: Differences between.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: kinds of wind, and the kinds of waves, and the songs that drift from
Tim Sackton: far to the west with their strange and uncanny beckoning noises, and the
Tim Sackton: closer songs of the dolphins and the barking of the
Tim Sackton: seals, and he sort of goes on and on about how
Tim Sackton: he wishes he could.
Tim Sackton: He had somebody he could
Tim Sackton: share this with before.
Tim Sackton: You know I will not be here forever. My!
Tim Sackton: At 1 point my
Tim Sackton: body will become one with the stone, and salute weather and turn to sand and drift endlessly on the currents, and
Tim Sackton: when that happens.
Tim Sackton: everything I've understood will be lost. The transformations that I can brew.
Tim Sackton: take what the ocean gives, and turn it into
Tim Sackton: light, and he waves at his hands or
Tim Sackton: gills.
Tim Sackton: Should you need them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's his name? Again?
Tim Sackton: Kazero.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 0.
Mike Sackton: Gotta set them up with our malware characters.
Mike Sackton: Now, go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Said, cause there are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My lifespan is short relative to yours or to the elf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, how are? How is a human lifetime, and also the doors and halflings. How many, how things leave indoors.
Tim Sackton: Applings don't live that much longer than humans. Dwarfs live dwarves, and Stonebourne live like between 2 and 400 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and else.
Tim Sackton: Forever if they want to, but most of them grow tired before forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're also 2, 400. You said.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Stone Board and Doris have similar lifespans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just says,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The individual left spans of humans are are short relative to those of you in the dwarves. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps this may be of interest to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: establishing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a school of sorts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the names of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not temples? What are they?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Monsters, monsters.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, modern studies, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Benzo as as he as he speaks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, kind of like, shows his shows this like network of like glowing tattoos that he has glow, you know, blue like like the ocean kind of traveling up and down his arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also up and down a staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I says,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm a student
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: many of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the marty gods
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have persisted for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: generations for millennia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's millennia, or how long? How far back do those go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah millennia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm seeking my own legacy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my own
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: path forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I'm establishing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a place where
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the teachings that I've learned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and be passed on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for generations to come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and in true earnest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to set one up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to establish such a place
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: accolades can learn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also be connected deeply to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to nature, to the environment
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that surrounds them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Learn to hear and see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the way that you do, the way you've described
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the relationship that you have with the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's incredible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the name of that town? That was, that was a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the place where we first heard about this guy.
Tim Sackton: Kesela.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This entire region speaks to me. I feel something very
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magnetic here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I want to establish
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a school here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you were so, if this would be of interest to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it might, it may be a way for you to pass on your teachings.
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: just just roll a d. 20 with advantage.
Tim Sackton: Duty 20. Take the higher.
Tim Sackton: but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That up. What the fuck is that.
Mike Sackton: You roll 2,020, the higher was a 7. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ruddle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need some inspiration that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that was a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also roll a d. 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, he's.
Tim Sackton: Twice. So down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, thanks. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Dallas, also.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say, while while he's talking about all these things.
Tim Sackton: Well again. Take the higher one.
Mike Sackton: All the all these things to learn.
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: dealt with will certainly
Mike Sackton: say.
Mike Sackton: you know, express some interest in all these things about the ocean.
Mike Sackton: but also at some point sort of
Mike Sackton: say.
Mike Sackton: by calling.
Mike Sackton: Is not
Mike Sackton: this
Mike Sackton: right? My calling? And
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Demonstrate some magic.
Mike Sackton: You know my calling is
Mike Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: help
Mike Sackton: the humans and
Mike Sackton: learn from these
Mike Sackton: gods
Mike Sackton: the heat, the
Mike Sackton: the human, learn from the human gods and carry their magic.
Mike Sackton: A
Mike Sackton: would be intrigued by your
Mike Sackton: spending
Mike Sackton: decades. Learning about the ocean
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: is not
Mike Sackton: somehow the I mean what I'm trying to communicate is it sounds interesting. I get. Why, you'd want somebody to spend decades doing. It makes sense to spend decades doing something good on you for spending decades on something. But I'm not gonna spend decades on this that was more likely to spend decades learning about the tanchi, or something like that. But
Mike Sackton: we travel widely right? I'll mention. You know.
Mike Sackton: we've we've already
Mike Sackton: collect. Yeah, we we we
Mike Sackton: have collected a number of
Mike Sackton: companions right? Who.
Mike Sackton: you know. I'll talk about the Frost Giant and a few other folks you know we encounter. It seems
Mike Sackton: odd people across our journeys quite
Mike Sackton: regularly.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: we would be honored to seek an apprentice for you
Mike Sackton: should you
Mike Sackton: wish it. And should Kenzo, you know, should you seek something more solitary then
Mike Sackton: Kenzo's offer? Should you be looking for something? Yeah, I don't. I don't wanna undercut. That was not trying to undercut Kenza's offer. Right like
Mike Sackton: not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't you let him react first to to what I what I said, and then we'll we'll see if he's.
Tim Sackton: So he's he's sort of looking
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: looking
Tim Sackton: pleased at at at both of you and and Kenza. You you get the sense that he's
Tim Sackton: genuinely
Tim Sackton: intrigued by your offer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I'm genuinely intrigued like I really like. Kenzo likes this place like he, he genuinely, is like, live in this place.
Tim Sackton: And he
Tim Sackton: he looks back at at deal with as well.
Tim Sackton: That is
Tim Sackton: How do I say this?
Tim Sackton: Do not expect
Tim Sackton: such
Tim Sackton: an offer.
Tim Sackton: and he and he looks over again at Kenzo Nick, and he says, I, I can see
Tim Sackton: the ocean
Tim Sackton: has made an impact on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It has.
Tim Sackton: You are carrying around a piece of ocean key on your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Tim! What's the start? What's the name of the what's the name of my my accolite?
Tim Sackton: Umma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All, and sorry I'm sorry. What's this guy? Isn't the guy's name again? 0
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it has, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if it would please you as it would please me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a student that I could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could introduce you to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to begin
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this process
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as soon as you would like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could learn from you.
Tim Sackton: He sort of. He sort of smiles
Tim Sackton: now, like the this whole time has been sort of bustling around in the in the
Tim Sackton: his heart, and he's starting to put out some snacks as well, some
Tim Sackton: like little sushi rolls
Tim Sackton: and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stonebourne. Sushi. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: seaweed, and like, you know, rice and some raw fish. And he
Tim Sackton: there is.
Tim Sackton: There is no need to rush. I am.
Tim Sackton: I am not.
Tim Sackton: I am not dying. Tomorrow
Tim Sackton: I am touched
Tim Sackton: by your generosity and your consideration.
Tim Sackton: I would.
Tim Sackton: whoever
Tim Sackton: whoever you find.
Tim Sackton: and he looks at both
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Dalwith together
Tim Sackton: think the 2 of you
Tim Sackton: would be a good judge of, who might be
Tim Sackton: a student
Tim Sackton: who would appreciate
Tim Sackton: my teachings.
Tim Sackton: strengths, balance each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Double flex to cook. I like to eat.
Tim Sackton: I would.
Tim Sackton: I have long sought to build a
Tim Sackton: small
Tim Sackton: school, a small
Tim Sackton: monastery here on this island.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: No, you are.
Tim Sackton: Know that. Know that you have
Tim Sackton: pressing
Tim Sackton: urgent business, and this
Tim Sackton: not urgent.
Tim Sackton: This can be the matter of years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza stands, and like just stares him like super, just deep like in the eyes. And it's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I pledge. I will return and build the school with you.
Tim Sackton: And he looks over, and the owl will help find students.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know but we'll see what the elk wants to do.
Mike Sackton: Of course
Mike Sackton: you said you were unsettled by news from the West.
Tim Sackton: It has been
Tim Sackton: a few years now
Tim Sackton: since the
Tim Sackton: discordant notes have reached me.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what it might mean.
Tim Sackton: but I suspect you are venturing into danger. If you are seeking the morphine.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure we're venturing into danger.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! I'm just trying to find the where's the note from the Philosophers Guild about the
Mike Sackton: is it letters and stories.
Tim Sackton: Should be under letters.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Wait.
Tim Sackton: Letters and notes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I found it. I found it.
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: we are seeking.
Mike Sackton: Something.
Mike Sackton: I fear, has corrupted
Mike Sackton: the kelp forests.
Mike Sackton: something that has changed
Mike Sackton: peace
Mike Sackton: to slaughtering
Mike Sackton: command, you know, changed
Mike Sackton: singing to commanding
Mike Sackton: amongst the Murf to the west.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps so.
Tim Sackton: It is far from here, and only distant echos of the songs of that ocean reach me. But
Tim Sackton: but I have heard.
Tim Sackton: does suggest
Tim Sackton: violence and discord.
Tim Sackton: What more may be happening I
Tim Sackton: do not know.
Tim Sackton: not left this island in some time
Tim Sackton: this.
Mike Sackton: Discord is upsetting to the ocean we assume.
Mike Sackton: and against the natural order. Is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So any
Mike Sackton: guesses
Mike Sackton: or wisdom you could share
Mike Sackton: that might help us
Mike Sackton: as we venture towards it
Mike Sackton: would be
Mike Sackton: worth
Mike Sackton: would be.
Mike Sackton: I don't wanna say, like dude? You love the ocean. Why wouldn't you just help us clean it up the mess? But like
Mike Sackton: that sort of
Tim Sackton: He? So I mean he's been. He's been fiddling with things this whole time, and you see that he's been
Tim Sackton: his hands are sort of always working, and he has this. He's pulled out this sort of
Tim Sackton: very
Tim Sackton: elaborate sort of
Tim Sackton: set of like. It's like a really massive like spice, cabinet, or something, and he's been fiddling around with little things.
Tim Sackton: and seems to be, you know.
Tim Sackton: making something while he talks like his hands are always kind of moving around while he talks like cooking, or making tea, or
Tim Sackton: or doing this.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: any.
Tim Sackton: He sort of looks over.
Tim Sackton: you know, again, he's clearly pleased by the by, the
Tim Sackton: offer and everything, and the way the conversation's going.
Tim Sackton: Any
Tim Sackton: sort of reacts to your to your message. Sort of almost in surprise. Like I I thought it was clear
Tim Sackton: I'm I'm making things for you.
Mike Sackton: No, I sorry.
Tim Sackton: Not in an offended.
Mike Sackton: I know. No, no, no, no, I I'm after information. So it's more like
Mike Sackton: We
Mike Sackton: I wanna tell them we we know we are.
Mike Sackton: We are well versed
Mike Sackton: in the air, and the mountains, and the forests and the plains.
Mike Sackton: We understand the
Mike Sackton: city, we know.
Mike Sackton: you know the mountain peaks. We fought battles in.
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: the North and
Mike Sackton: a vampire's castle. Those places we all understand. We don't really understand the ocean.
Mike Sackton: What should we know?
Mike Sackton: We don't have a year to learn from you, or a decade like we should.
Tim Sackton: River west
Tim Sackton: you go in the encircling C
Tim Sackton: ocean has its own dreams.
Tim Sackton: its own thoughts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sent to you. Notion.
Mike Sackton: We knew it was out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's the ocean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and.
Mike Sackton: How can we
Mike Sackton: avoid offending it?
Tim Sackton: It is
Tim Sackton: an alien thing.
Tim Sackton: have never traveled that far.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: the Murph speak to it.
Tim Sackton: They
Tim Sackton: dream with that.
Tim Sackton: listen to what they say.
Tim Sackton: follow their guide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are the Murphok allies to you.
Tim Sackton: They are not allies to anybody but the ocean.
Mike Sackton: There may be some
Mike Sackton: conflict. Among them are folk.
Mike Sackton: We fear
Mike Sackton: we would seek your advice on
Mike Sackton: navigating that. How do we know
Mike Sackton: which ones still dream of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: I am sorry I cannot
Tim Sackton: solve this riddle for you.
Mike Sackton: Would you like to come with us.
Tim Sackton: I would not.
Mike Sackton: Didn't think so.
Mike Sackton: but I thought I'd ask.
Tim Sackton: Takes as he's been working. He takes out
Tim Sackton: 6 little packets
Tim Sackton: that he's wrapped in seaweed.
Tim Sackton: but maybe this will help you.
Tim Sackton: and he unwraps one, and you can see that there's like sort of 2
Tim Sackton: sort of gummy globules of of some kind of like herbal
Tim Sackton: concoction, like a jelly sort of thing. One is like a deep blue.
Tim Sackton: the other is almost perfectly clear.
Tim Sackton: He holds this up.
Tim Sackton: The deep blue
Tim Sackton: will turn your lungs into gills.
Tim Sackton: you will cease to be able to breathe air, but you'll be able to breathe water.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long has that last.
Tim Sackton: Until you take
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: pale, clear white
Tim Sackton: which will turn your gills back into lungs.
Tim Sackton: We want this as magic, and it can be dispelled.
Tim Sackton: but otherwise
Tim Sackton: will not end until you consume the antidote.
Tim Sackton: We have
Tim Sackton: 6
Tim Sackton: doses
Tim Sackton: enough for you, plus one extra
Tim Sackton: that I can share.
Tim Sackton: I can make more, but it will take time.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if you have time to spare.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a lot. We would be grateful to have these.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't.
Kate Sackton: Last thing that I could have hoped.
Mike Sackton: It would.
Mike Sackton: We are
Mike Sackton: quite grateful.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: perhaps.
Mike Sackton: if you would be willing.
Mike Sackton: you would make more
Mike Sackton: after we leave.
Mike Sackton: in case we need it.
Tim Sackton: I will replenish my stocks. Yes.
Mike Sackton: There are
Mike Sackton: many ways we could
Mike Sackton: obtain
Mike Sackton: things from you from far away.
Mike Sackton: although dealt with a nudge seeker. Take a stone here so you can teleport back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good idea, Dallas!
Eric Rosenbaum: I surpiciously sit down on something that I can pocket.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are.
Tim Sackton: There's plenty of loose stones around.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just already so expert in teleporting, I don't think of, you know giving myself item, wise.
Mike Sackton: Idaho.
Mike Sackton: but even the best could always use a little bit of help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yes, of course
Eric Rosenbaum: this would be a good place to return to if we needed to do.
Tim Sackton: Eat, something, emergency.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like that.
Tim Sackton: He hands these 6 packets over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any more. Connie.
Tim Sackton: Stay as long as you wish.
Tim Sackton: but I understand if
Tim Sackton: urgency drives you
Tim Sackton: when I listen to you again, when you return to fulfill your promises.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza, you know, gives them a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a long, a long glance, and then says,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I return
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it would be an honor to hear your story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, as part of my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tradition.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Capture stories in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: materials, would
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Carlton's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It'd be an honor to hear your story and to and to capture it.
Tim Sackton: Story is a long one, and perhaps.
Tim Sackton: for when we have more time.
Tim Sackton: indeed.
Tim Sackton: after the war, I travel widely before settling here.
Tim Sackton: there are some strange things in the far north of this world, where there is ice even in summer, that funds on the oceans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look forward to hearing those tales.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. I think I missed that. There's ice that what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Icebergs.
Mike Sackton: What's on the water even in summer
Mike Sackton: icebergs.
Mike Sackton: seekers like? Can we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm interested. But
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll have to return.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: anything else? Or are you departing.
Mike Sackton: Now I think we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kinds of stuff. We just set up the first franchise for my monster right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's amazing.
Mike Sackton: I didn't realize Ken was found in a monastery. It's good.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, this is the first we've heard of. Mackenzo.
Mike Sackton: You haven't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Shared your monastery plans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I totally have. This is like, why, I've been hosting little meetings when we're in Poland, trying to get like some recruits here and there, you know. So all money is like my accolite, you know.
Tim Sackton: It's all been. It's all been the like. Kenzo is sort of developing his own spiritual tradition on Vindrar, though this is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is this is what I've been doing on the dam on the while you guys are like, whatever the fuck you're doing cooking, dinner, and stuff like that tends to is like mapping out his whole, his whole philosophical, like epistemology. And you know, for his whole, this whole, his whole like. It's it's the Bruce lee of like monks. Shit. It's like fuck. The original.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, how do you flow? It's like your own thing, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm setting up a monastery with the with the stone board.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah.
David Schwartz: Well, so I've been. I've had to cook some fish to you for myself, but I've been here and listening the whole time, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, good!
David Schwartz: That's awesome, Ken. So when were you going to cut us in on this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let you in. You wanna be suited.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Schwartz: Oh, no. I mean that piece of the action.
Mike Sackton: It's not necessarily profitable, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A piece of the sacred learning.
David Schwartz: Well, not if he doesn't cut us in, it won't be.
Mike Sackton: I think you have this all wrong. Well, be.
Mike Sackton: you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're all welcome to be. You know a professor. You can be all you can be faculty at the monasteries, for sure.
David Schwartz: Listen. We went all over Sambar. We traded with a lot of monasteries. They were some of our very best clients.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Business. You you can be, you know, a faculty Emer, you know. Emeritus.
David Schwartz: He he comes!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually well be. You should don't totally you could. You could do a whole storytelling module. It'd be great.
Tim Sackton: So as you depart.
Tim Sackton: It's now like probably 3 in the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: And you've got
Tim Sackton: quite a ways to go to wherever you're going to next.
Tim Sackton: now that you're equipped with a way to breathe water for as long as you want.
Tim Sackton: though only one spare dose, so you can't be going back and forth between water and air. All that much.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Wow, until.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: Secret teleports back here and gets the 6 more doses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, I can make us water, helmets.
Mike Sackton: But it's a water helmet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you see you.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like a diving helmet that has air inside it while you're under the water, but it's the opposite, so it has water inside it while you're out in the air, so that if you breath.
Mike Sackton: But you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Around in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slaughter helmet, you know.
Tim Sackton: You could. Probably one does.
Kate Sackton: Costa, did you already do the like breathing underwater thing? Just for yourself.
Mike Sackton: That only lasts an hour.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean.
Kate Sackton: Back and forth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See if your specializes and items like they're incredibly useful for our adventures.
Eric Rosenbaum: But helmet thing, we should put all our energy into that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can always.
Tim Sackton: That way. You could just stay wetter breathing for the entire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's a little awkward, because you, you know, it's hard to talk through it and stuff, but it's worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Really up to the telepathy game. If we're gonna become unable to speak
Kate Sackton: club.
Eric Rosenbaum: Blub, blub.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See secrets you should make like the guide, for, like impractical items, you know, it's like, it's like this, like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like the whole Earth catalog of like Mason Lake, and like really impractical obscure things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this a questionable utility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Useless inventions. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: What is your what is your goal for the next leg of your journey?
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Mike Sackton: I think, to get to Tomorrow Bay as fast as possible.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, get on our boat and zoom there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ends up, scanning out locations for his monastery.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm serious. Why wouldn't some evening seeker just teleport to this guy.
Mike Sackton: get 6 more sleep, teleport back.
Mike Sackton: We haven't proven. You can teleport yet to
Mike Sackton: the boat. So we gotta test that theory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I we're gonna be along the coast. So I could teleport to a coastal location get picked up. I mean, it depends how important this is, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think we might be able to make do with the 6.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: You could try teleporting back to the boat from here.
Kate Sackton: We are somewhere. That's not the boat.
Kate Sackton: it's true. Head back to the boat.
Mike Sackton: Seeker doesn't want to mess up his perfect record.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: How you gonna let's keep you good.
Tim Sackton: You're just keeping keeping going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just keep going.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: Thumb.
Tim Sackton: unless unless you get hit with
Tim Sackton: bad weather.
Tim Sackton: It's about 400 and
Tim Sackton: 430 miles. Something like that
Tim Sackton: to tomorrow bay.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be about 2 days of sailing under
Tim Sackton: good conditions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck.
Tim Sackton: Assuming that the.
Kate Sackton: E.
Tim Sackton: Hence it
Tim Sackton: given that the halflings are willing to continue to sail around the clock
Tim Sackton: and move things along. So
Tim Sackton: you've got plenty of supplies you've got. You're not planning on. Put putting into dock at any point at this stage. So you just begin
Tim Sackton: heading.
Tim Sackton: heading out
Tim Sackton: picking up steam.
Tim Sackton: not literally steam, picking up wind
Mike Sackton: So I was like 2 days.
Tim Sackton: It under ideal conditions. About 2 days. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Can somebody roll a d. 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Haven't really like shit.
Mike Sackton: I'll roll!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hi.
Tim Sackton: The the first day
Tim Sackton: the the rest of this evening you sail under
Tim Sackton: under clear skies.
Tim Sackton: light winds the
Tim Sackton: halflings put on all the sales, and you watch the spray.
Tim Sackton: you know spray from the bow of the ship as you race northwest.
Tim Sackton: cutting a
Tim Sackton: great as straight as possible, a path so sort of heading out into the golf a little to avoid
Tim Sackton: curve of the coastline.
Mike Sackton: Help!
Tim Sackton: Ed. Reckoning sort of as both to do north northwest as you can.
Tim Sackton: by night.
Tim Sackton: let's see. So
Tim Sackton: 12 h is
Tim Sackton: ring pets.
Tim Sackton: The sun rises in the middle of the open ocean.
Tim Sackton: No
Tim Sackton: land in sight anywhere.
Tim Sackton: Somebody else rolled a d. 20
Tim Sackton: a day.
Kate Sackton: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: the winds continuing and favorable
Tim Sackton: as the sun rises and you pass
Tim Sackton: By
Tim Sackton: Mid-afternoon, off the coast of the retail retolio this other province that you.
Tim Sackton: you know, passing this headlands or this town of Sarvia, it is
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: veering a little bit more
Tim Sackton: westerly to navigate through this channel between the islands.
Tim Sackton: as
Tim Sackton: at night
Tim Sackton: falls
Tim Sackton: halflings in good spirits.
Tim Sackton: Martino, pointing out landmarks, used to sail as far as there's apparently great fishing
Tim Sackton: just up here
Tim Sackton: where he used to go in his youth.
Tim Sackton: the weather holding no
Tim Sackton: seasonable wins.
Tim Sackton: Through the night.
Tim Sackton: So this would be
Tim Sackton: so that would be 24 h would be
Tim Sackton: 3 PM.
Tim Sackton: 10
Tim Sackton: again.
Tim Sackton: So 3. P.
Tim Sackton: Okay. As the
Tim Sackton: sun rises the next day? Can somebody else roll the d. 20.
Kate Sackton: Eyeball.
Tim Sackton: Like you all.
Kate Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: good weather persists
Tim Sackton: as the sun
Tim Sackton: as the sun rises in this around this
Tim Sackton: channel.
Tim Sackton: And by lunchtime or so.
Tim Sackton: you're you're rounding
Tim Sackton: a a little before lunchtime. You're rounding the point.
Tim Sackton: The waves pick up now you're now you're going a bit slower because the
Tim Sackton: seas are heavy. You're looking out now
Tim Sackton: across the endless ocean into the west. As far as you know.
Tim Sackton: the wire.
Mike Sackton: Eric's, Eric's picture is distracting me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: How Water Albert.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Tim Sackton: Amazing
Tim Sackton: is that is that that's Dolly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you turn
Tim Sackton: and and sale now for
Tim Sackton: tomorrow bay.
Tim Sackton: and by
Tim Sackton: mid-afternoon
Tim Sackton: a little bit more than 24 h than 48 h after you left.
Tim Sackton: The coast
Tim Sackton: relatively, uneventfully traveling.
Tim Sackton: You can see the crashing waves of this
Tim Sackton: island here
Tim Sackton: ahead of you, and you've got to make some decisions about navigation. Now.
Tim Sackton: Are you heading west? Are you heading in for the bay? Are you heading to the island?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a reasonable question.
Mike Sackton: Let me.
Kate Sackton: Kenza sends Kelp.
Mike Sackton: I was about to say, can cancel, try and send some more folk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you ask the questions again? Yeah. So I can also ask.
Mike Sackton: I could ask the gods again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then we have.
Mike Sackton: Hey, gods! Where should we go?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get him in!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was. Gonna say, are we looking for the workbook? Or we looking for the weird
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dude who lives out here, who might be able to point us to them, or folk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love.
Mike Sackton: The only thing we know about the weird dude is.
Mike Sackton: There's a weird dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the weird dude Milo.
Mike Sackton: Now my life.
Kate Sackton: Was it 30?
Mike Sackton: Person working. There's there's no.
Kate Sackton: Something of tomorrow. Bay.
Tim Sackton: The mystic of tomorrow Bay
Tim Sackton: is.
Tim Sackton: are you trying to make Zoom do the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking, weird man I was in a meeting like earlier, and none of my everybody else is like throwing carbs and doing things that all worked. And now why is why is this? No.
Tim Sackton: Now it's working for you, but it's not working for me.
Tim Sackton: Bow.
Mike Sackton: Where zoom will actually.
Tim Sackton: Supposed to. It's supposed to like. If you raise your hand, it's supposed to say you raised your hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyway. Sorry.
Mike Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: Know about this guy is.
Tim Sackton: or woman
Tim Sackton: you don't really know is that there's some mystic
Tim Sackton: who, rumor says
Tim Sackton: garbled, rumor says, can like somehow control the ocean or
Tim Sackton: let people breathe water, or something like that. This name came up when you were asking about looking for rumors about, how do we breathe water?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good, but also remember tim made some really cool AI generated songs that we listen to in the bar.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very literal, and told us very explicit things about like what we should and should do.
Mike Sackton: I didn't actually listen to the songs because I meant to, and I did it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a bed. Yeah, but but.
Mike Sackton: But I meant to listen this week, and I was too busy. I didn't. So what did the songs tell us to do or not do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the lyrics were like very explicit things about.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's gonna be like super clear in retrospect what we should have done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're having penitentiary.
Eric Rosenbaum: Songs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The text is linked from the session, notes.
Mike Sackton: I was just gonna say, is it in the session dude.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean, the songs generally said.
Kate Sackton: don't go where you're going, or you'll get attacked. By merciful!
Kate Sackton: You're doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Blah blah blah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good, is it?
Kate Sackton: Him! Up!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like d and d like.
Kate Sackton: La la.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Literally like it's, it's like, it's like college again, where it's like, did you actually like, just read the the professors like hand out? Because, like the answers are in the handout, if you like. Read the handout.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right there. You just have to look at the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like Hois, is this.
Tim Sackton: Did you read the syllabus kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really not.
Tim Sackton: I wrote a syllabus just for you.
Mike Sackton: 100 weeks west of tomorrow Bay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is probably figurative.
Tim Sackton: We just figured. But West is correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dance among the kelp, wear light
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): gins. Does that mean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, right at the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, or deep enough, for like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): barely gets to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Oh! From no! Wait!
Mike Sackton: This is the Jake garden. Well, we we know what? Going to the Jake garden? Right?
Mike Sackton: okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Glowing. That's nice!
Eric Rosenbaum: The old.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brown.
Eric Rosenbaum: Him.
Eric Rosenbaum: names.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, this name thing going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, the more folks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A light shines from underwater
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and you follow it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's the moon face we're in today, Tim.
Tim Sackton: It is
Tim Sackton: very close to new.
Mike Sackton: So 2 of the song. One of the songs is about how the mer folks saved them.
Mike Sackton: and one of the songs about how the mer folks should be stick stayed away from, because they're terribly dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: And one of them is about the old Bay way
Eric Rosenbaum: sailing into the bay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the.
Mike Sackton: Hey? Hey? Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's what I had. The more folks saved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm
Eric Rosenbaum: led his vessel. They led his vessel through fog and night.
Eric Rosenbaum: but Larry needs a good one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Light shining underwear.
Mike Sackton: Things songs of light and grace at home. With guiding hands they let his vessel da da da da da right.
Eric Rosenbaum: When the north winds blow up strong, steer clear of the kelp, and its siren song.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Help forests thick and wide, all within the dangers hide.
Mike Sackton: Nothing good comes out of the kelp forest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there's a.
Mike Sackton: So that's where we should go.
Mike Sackton: Seems straightforward, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: In loud stay clear, lest the Murphy draw you in here, so we need to
Eric Rosenbaum: plug our ears or tent loudly, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't wanna hear their songs? Are they like siren songs? Oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: temporarily deafen ourselves.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, which direction are you going?
Mike Sackton: So wait! Hold on! I had a question before we did that. Since we rounded the point.
Mike Sackton: since Rosana, has there been any, so like
Mike Sackton: is this whole area around to the point unsettled are we in wild territory now.
Tim Sackton: They're in pretty wild territory.
Tim Sackton: There's really no settlement on the west coast of the Peninsula.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing really on the point, either. There's
Tim Sackton: Rosanna's or Rosena is a pretty big city.
Tim Sackton: The interior of this province is settled somewhat.
Tim Sackton: There's 4, I mean, the map shows forts.
Tim Sackton: But this
Tim Sackton: this area, like north and south of tomorrow. Bay is not so. You haven't seen any villages running.
Tim Sackton: except there does seem to be a wooden structure on the top of
Tim Sackton: Cliff.
Mike Sackton: Oh, well, we should.
Kate Sackton: Above my head.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh, I see
Mike Sackton: you don't mean there's actually a wooded structure. You mean the AI accidentally put what in there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, not not accidentally.
Mike Sackton: L.
Mike Sackton: Correctly.
Mike Sackton: we should check out the wooden structure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That that seems like that could be of importance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: If we care about things on the land.
Kate Sackton: so
Kate Sackton: why not? If there was a whole song or a whole
Kate Sackton: something, I mean, I just.
Mike Sackton: The where this is. This is.
Tim Sackton: The island. This is this island off tomorrow, but this is.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're like at.
Tim Sackton: You are like
Tim Sackton: right there.
Tim Sackton: and you can either go into the bay and try and land. You can
Tim Sackton: go around the stormy side of the island and investigate this wooden structure, or you can just say, Go in the.
Mike Sackton: West.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: I think we should investigate the wooden structure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Don't just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fly over to it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's what I was gonna suggest, and I wouldn't waste our time trying to land or any nonsense like that.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So who's flying?
Tim Sackton: Well, you can all.
Mike Sackton: Should we all come.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wing it.
Mike Sackton: Cost a spell slot, but I have plenty
Mike Sackton: ish.
Mike Sackton: Find my character. Sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's.
Mike Sackton: Who who can't I always forget, who can't fly on their own.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I can't just randomly.
Tim Sackton: And so Brisbane and Seeker cannot fly on that.
Mike Sackton: Like it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! Kenzo came with.
Mike Sackton: Can fly.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo and well be, are self sufficient flyers
Mike Sackton: briswittings.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't have a super long range, because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a lot farther than you'd expect, especially given Kenza speed.
Tim Sackton: Oh, given right for the fast people. It's fast cause it's your speed. It's not a fixed speed.
Mike Sackton: Well, I you know what it costs me nothing to let Kenzo fly, too.
Mike Sackton: Have some flying. Everybody.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Gotcha.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. Jova.
Tim Sackton: 10 min. Okay?
Tim Sackton: So you fly up. You're you're not. You're you're close, ish, I mean, you're close enough to the, to the
Tim Sackton: coast to see this structure.
Tim Sackton: you're not super close. So it takes you a couple of minutes to fly.
Tim Sackton: and you can see so this a a few things you notice one is that
Tim Sackton: well, be. You can see signs of several shipwrecks.
Tim Sackton: possibly as many as 3
Tim Sackton: on the
Tim Sackton: battered against the rocks
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: wavy coast of this island. This is a difficult place to land, and a tricky place to even sail.
Tim Sackton: As you approach this this wooden structure you can see it looks like it's like a crudely built
Tim Sackton: kind of watch tower, maybe.
Tim Sackton: but it looks like it's constructed just out of like driftwood. I mean, there's no trees growing on this island.
Tim Sackton: As you get some elevation. You can also see that the
Tim Sackton: that the
Tim Sackton: leeward leeward side of the island is actually quite calm, and there's a cove and a bit of a sandy beach.
Tim Sackton: but you can see that there's a makeshift.
Tim Sackton: you know. One person.
Tim Sackton: single masted row sailboat
Tim Sackton: pulled up on the beach.
Tim Sackton: There are. There is clearly now that you're up in the air above this wooden structure you can see that there's a
Tim Sackton: well worn path
Tim Sackton: that leads from this wooden structure across
Tim Sackton: the island, which
Tim Sackton: you know, which is like
Tim Sackton: I don't know. A mile.
Tim Sackton: 2 a mile and a half 2 miles across at this point. To the bay.
Tim Sackton: It's like, you know.
Tim Sackton: not marked or anything. But somebody's clearly walked enough along here that the vegetation has been trampled
Tim Sackton: at the moment. You don't see
Tim Sackton: any signs of
Tim Sackton: person, though, either on the trail or in this structure.
Tim Sackton: The boat is a little bit
Tim Sackton: far away to see, like the cove is sort of
Tim Sackton: from your perspective is not easy to see. So somebody, if somebody was.
Tim Sackton: was sort of had pulled the boat up and was in the
Tim Sackton: code. You wouldn't be able to see them here unless you go further up or further east.
Tim Sackton: Although only
Tim Sackton: Welby has
Tim Sackton: sufficient flying time to
Tim Sackton: explore and get back to the boat.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume we're planning on landing right by this structure.
Mike Sackton: or do you want to win somewhere else?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wanna find the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): first I mean you all land, and I'll go ahead and get out where the person is.
Kate Sackton: Or we could all fly
Kate Sackton: that way and then have to test by again later, after we land and talk to the person.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how fast fly you go with Fly, but it's probably not like.
Mike Sackton: 60.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so how long would it take you to go a mile and a ha! You probably can't fly a mile and a half and 8 min.
Mike Sackton: Let's see 60.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Means 1 20 per
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 16 s.
Tim Sackton: You can't consist. You can't consistently dash because you'd get Exa. That's like sprinting.
Tim Sackton: So for normal movement, you would assume just 60 times.
Mike Sackton: Where did you say
Mike Sackton: it's? It's like 8, 7 miles an hour, 7 or 8 miles an hour, 7 miles an hour.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: even round up to 8,
Tim Sackton: so it would still take you
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: more than 8 min to go 1.5 miles.
Tim Sackton: Not that much more.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: you won't be able to fly you. You can't fly. You can land by the wooden structure, but
Tim Sackton: only well be has the fly. Speed has the flying time to fly to the cove where the boat is.
Tim Sackton: If.
Kate Sackton: Person is somewhere between the structure and the boat.
Kate Sackton: and we're gonna end up just walking from the structure towards the boat. If we land at the structure.
Mike Sackton: Exactly, but I think we're over. We don't.
Tim Sackton: You're over. Do I know if well, he's going ahead and everybody else is landing at this structure, or if you're sick while he's going ahead.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So well. But you see, as you fly ahead while everybody else lands at the structure, I'll jump back to you in a sec. You see.
Tim Sackton: So so the island is basically like a cliff that slopes like this. So the the windward side is much steeper than the leeward side, which is much shallower cliffs, and seems to be a bit eroded.
Tim Sackton: There's like dunes that lead down to the ocean. You see, there's some there is a person.
Tim Sackton: About
Tim Sackton: 200 yards from the boat. Sort of in among the dunes.
Tim Sackton: seems to be
Tim Sackton: rooting around like foraging for something like looking for plants or hard to say.
Tim Sackton: Don't, aren't looking up. Don't notice you. They're wearing hair is like
Tim Sackton: totally tangled
Tim Sackton: matted mass of sort of salt and pepper
Tim Sackton: hair
Tim Sackton: he's
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: sunburned
Tim Sackton: wrinkled skin like clearly been out in the elements for a long time.
Tim Sackton: barefoot, wearing sort of tattered
Tim Sackton: what maybe once were white clothes, but now are sort of a
Tim Sackton: murky, grayish color.
Tim Sackton: carrying a big twisted driftwood stick
Tim Sackton: as he walks, and he seems to be like singing something sort of under his breath, sing songy as he walks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll let the rest of you know. Telephony.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's.
Tim Sackton: As you landed this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clear, guy.
Tim Sackton: You can see that it's it's a very rickety 2 story structure.
Tim Sackton: there's a ladder that goes up to the second story.
Tim Sackton: the inside of the first story is like theoretically a shelter, but clearly, like water could leak through. There's big holes in the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: There is
Tim Sackton: signs of occupation.
Tim Sackton: Maybe there's like a read
Tim Sackton: grass pile that looks like something somewhere. Somebody could sleep.
Tim Sackton: There. There are
Tim Sackton: signs of
Tim Sackton: a fire just outside the wooden structure.
Tim Sackton: very little in the way of possessions, although hanging on the wall. There's like lots and lots of dried fish
Tim Sackton: like on the out inside wall just hanging up, and it smells salty and fishy inside.
Tim Sackton: You could probably climb up the ladder to the second floor. It seems
Tim Sackton: I mean seekers. Assessment is
Tim Sackton: needs improvement.
Tim Sackton: but probably won't collapse at a touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: Brisbane's assessment is we should just keep moving because we want to talk to the person.
Tim Sackton: Hey, guy.
Mike Sackton: Let's just go.
Kate Sackton: This place is all we need.
Tim Sackton: As you approach.
Tim Sackton: Well, be your
Tim Sackton: landing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna land between the person and the boat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then wait for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and try and time that near when everyone else is getting okay.
Tim Sackton: So it takes, you know, not
Tim Sackton: very long to walk a mile
Tim Sackton: 15 min at a good risk. Pace.
Tim Sackton: You follow a trail, and you and you see the trail sort of winds across the top, and then it does like a series of kind of
Tim Sackton: meandering switchbacks down to the dunes to the beach, and and you see,
Tim Sackton: this man doesn't really seem to be
Tim Sackton: noticing you.
Tim Sackton: He sort of glance around occasionally. He's like
Tim Sackton: waving his hand to bat something away, and seems to be humming under his breath.
Tim Sackton: And and every now and then
Tim Sackton: hell!
Tim Sackton: He'll kind of like stop and look up, and like splash some water on his face
Tim Sackton: from a like a
Tim Sackton: cracked water skin at his side.
Tim Sackton: and again muttering in a language
Tim Sackton: none of you reckon with this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Both item, probably.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: when we're still
Mike Sackton: well, never mind.
Mike Sackton: take it back so, and we are near him now.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna actually, I'm gonna cast the tech thoughts.
Tim Sackton: Connects
Tim Sackton: I need to look about that.
Mike Sackton: And I'll do it when
Mike Sackton: I'm far enough away. That plausibly it's a minute duration concentration.
Mike Sackton: less. You change the target or find somebody within
Mike Sackton: 30 feet of you, right? So I'll cast it when we're when I'm far enough away.
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: behind
Mike Sackton: secret like I just, I don't wanna obviously be like casting different thoughts. But I'm not gonna use subtle spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I won't scan deeply. I just wanna
Mike Sackton: get his very, very surface thoughts.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: His surface thoughts are in a way which you don't understand.
Mike Sackton: Does detect.
Tim Sackton: Does it depend on language.
Mike Sackton: It shouldn't right.
Mike Sackton: I would assume it does not. I would have no reason to think the tech thoughts would depend on language right
Mike Sackton: it nothing in the spout I mean it
Mike Sackton: you went to. You wouldn't think that reading somebody's thoughts is the same as listening to their internal monologue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you get images, but no words or something.
Tim Sackton: I think.
Tim Sackton: So so this is a this is this is this is a bit of a special case.
Tim Sackton: His thoughts, his internal thoughts are like he's
Tim Sackton: the surface thoughts are very much singing this song.
Tim Sackton: He's singing his song to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Hey, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: the song is not in a language that you understand, and every now and then you'll catch a a flicker like
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: you'll he's he'll see some. He'll see a plant, and you'll get like that's a good one.
Tim Sackton: and he'll go
Tim Sackton: a leave of something. It looks like he's trying to forage for like
Tim Sackton: something that grows on the beach.
Tim Sackton: So there will be some interruptions every now and then, but like mostly it's it's.
Mike Sackton: No, that makes sense. I just if you pro. If I did probe deeper, I don't think it would require me to know the language in order to yeah.
Mike Sackton: no, I'm not going to right. But
Tim Sackton: So when you all you just keep walking closer to him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I only I would assume I was. We were 50 feet away or 60 feet away when I cast it. Now I'm 10 feet away.
Tim Sackton: He kind of
Tim Sackton: looks up
Tim Sackton: startled.
Tim Sackton: And you get
Tim Sackton: he's startled.
Tim Sackton: and he jumps back
Tim Sackton: and kind of holds up his staff a little bit
Tim Sackton: And the thought in his mind is ghosts. Where did they come from?
Tim Sackton: And he begins walking backwards, muttering to himself
Tim Sackton: in a language You don't understand.
Mike Sackton: That I'll try
Mike Sackton: Common.
Mike Sackton: Say.
Mike Sackton: we came from a ship nearby.
Tim Sackton: Looks
Tim Sackton: around at you.
Tim Sackton: He seems to sort of understand your words, but
Tim Sackton: looks looks out back at you
Tim Sackton: all, sunk.
Mike Sackton: We flew here.
Tim Sackton: He looks, and he opens his eyes, and his eyes are like
Tim Sackton: very strange
Tim Sackton: when you look at them
Tim Sackton: there, it's almost as if you're watching waves
Tim Sackton: in his eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, is this recognizable to me as a magical effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: or does it seem like more like a curse or something.
Tim Sackton: Making, a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other words.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's worth considering to spell magic our cool check
Eric Rosenbaum: normal role. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 91.
Tim Sackton: Just based on the way his
Tim Sackton: eyes look.
Tim Sackton: definitely seems to be under the effect of some kind of magic that is Seeker's assessment.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: precisely what kind of magic you don't quite
Tim Sackton: recognize. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: The consent situation
Eric Rosenbaum: for this billing.
Mike Sackton: No, I you could do it
Mike Sackton: can't hurt.
Mike Sackton: I mean it. Obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could hurt you could.
Mike Sackton: Die. One kind of Chelsea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suddenly die. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: He may want whatever effect there is on end.
Mike Sackton: but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll ask him about it.
Tim Sackton: You'll ask him if you
Tim Sackton: want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, let me. I I figure what to say. Yeah, I'll work with
Eric Rosenbaum: your eyes. You seem to be under the effect of some.
Eric Rosenbaum: some spell
Eric Rosenbaum: might be changing. How you see the world
Eric Rosenbaum: if you'd like, I can try to remove it.
Tim Sackton: He's
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: ha!
Tim Sackton: Just make a straight.
Tim Sackton: I don't even know what this would be. Actually, I'm gonna roll for him, not for you.
Tim Sackton: He kind of
Tim Sackton: takes a step back. He's still holding his staff.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't really seem to understand what you're saying.
Tim Sackton: and he he kind of shakes his head, and he
Tim Sackton: he puts his fingers up his ears, and he's like
Tim Sackton: louder the waves.
Mike Sackton: Anything going on in his thoughts.
Tim Sackton: You.
Tim Sackton: The song is getting louder, and there's like an underlying thought of
Tim Sackton: crash.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Wait! Wait! There's a song.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oak.
Mike Sackton: In a language we don't under. I don't understand.
Mike Sackton: But is it okay? Here's a question
Mike Sackton: we've been around the Peninsula enough.
Mike Sackton: I've heard some of the local language.
Mike Sackton: Is it the local language.
Tim Sackton: Definitely.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So he's possessed by a mer folk song.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna ask him
Mike Sackton: if he minds if I
Mike Sackton: there's a song in your head. Can I look at it?
Tim Sackton: He kind of leans forward, make
Tim Sackton: makeup persuasion check.
Tim Sackton: He does. He does kind of understand what you're saying kind of leans forward, and he
Tim Sackton: he sort of opens his eyes, and you can actually see what looked like
Tim Sackton: white caps and waves in his eyes.
Tim Sackton: and he sort of stares at you.
Tim Sackton: shakes his head like he's trying to get water out of his ear.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: Take that as a yes.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna seek out his deeper thoughts.
Mike Sackton: He gets a DC. 18 wisdom, save that he can choose to fail.
Tim Sackton: He does not succeed.
Tim Sackton: The image you get in his mind is
Tim Sackton: it's just image. It's just fragments of images, as you probe deeper, and it seems to be a memory that's running on repeat.
Tim Sackton: There's a vial of some kind of liquid. It looks like sparkling seawater
Tim Sackton: him drinking it.
Tim Sackton: and then the sense of regret.
Mike Sackton: This isn't the guy
Mike Sackton: I we're not. I know we can't use our malware knowledge. But wasn't there a guy possessed by the ascentian ocean in malware.
Tim Sackton: Nope!
Tim Sackton: But but Kong's character almost drank a vial of the same function.
Tim Sackton: wanted to know what would happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so kind of wants to drop a vial of the Santa Ocean and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: Do I get any sense?
Mike Sackton: I mean, so
Mike Sackton: he can try, and each turn he can try and resist. So I don't know how you want to play turns here. But
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: I wanna try and sense if he's
Mike Sackton: is there something underneath all of this?
Mike Sackton: Right? There's a memory sure. Wait. I guess the memory had regret.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: It? Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I actually don't know if there's I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna explain. Do we have a telepathy link up? We do cause it's only been 8 min.
Tim Sackton: It's only 1 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: 12 min. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I will tele telepathically communicate that he is possessed by some sort of Murph song.
Mike Sackton: and if you think you can dispel it.
Mike Sackton: do so.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try, I'll say
Eric Rosenbaum: here.
Eric Rosenbaum: perhaps I can quiet the song for you. Let me give it a try.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I and I reach out to him. As I cast
Eric Rosenbaum: a.
Tim Sackton: Sponge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Protect.
Tim Sackton: You have to spell magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah,
Tim Sackton: But level. Are you casting it at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try level
Eric Rosenbaum: Fifth Level.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You do not need to roll
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: Mike Dalith senses the song
Tim Sackton: goes away
Tim Sackton: and the waves disappear from his eyes, and he looks
Tim Sackton: his face changes
Tim Sackton: almost immediately, like his.
Tim Sackton: Aha!
Tim Sackton: You know he stops this like bat, and he's been shaking his head like he's trying to get water out of his ear.
Tim Sackton: This all stops
Tim Sackton: a and he he sort of staggers back slightly.
Tim Sackton: speaks
Tim Sackton: cracked
Tim Sackton: bag.
Tim Sackton: his voice sort of cracking and and and a little bit, and very hoarse
Tim Sackton: speaking, trying of trying a few languages to see what you understand, speaking first in
Tim Sackton: some local tongue that you don't. But then in
Tim Sackton: common, which you do
Tim Sackton: what? Why did you do?
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Kate Sackton: Awesome with my glass of flask of fresh water.
Eric Rosenbaum: This! That's just water!
Tim Sackton: He looks kind of scared at the water a little bit.
Tim Sackton: but seeing as you just
Tim Sackton: did, something that
Tim Sackton: broke this spell, he trusts you and drinks it.
Tim Sackton: You're not ghosts.
Mike Sackton: No, you.
Tim Sackton: Ghosts. For some reason.
Mike Sackton: That was a Murph song in your head.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Don't
Tim Sackton: no
Tim Sackton: hard to remember. I
Tim Sackton: kind of shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: Time seems
Tim Sackton: fragmented for me.
Mike Sackton: How long? If.
Tim Sackton: And it's it.
Mike Sackton: Tell them that
Mike Sackton: Chardonnay and Date.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: can't be
Tim Sackton: you sure.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Have you lost some time.
Tim Sackton: Been here for
Tim Sackton: 10 years. It doesn't
Tim Sackton: feel like that.
Mike Sackton: It rarely does when it's time like that.
Mike Sackton: It's not in character for deal with. So I'm not really saying this. But there is a support group. You could join, you know.
Mike Sackton: 10 years.
Tim Sackton: Kind of shakes his head again.
Tim Sackton: How did you find me.
Mike Sackton: You were just stumbling about here.
Mike Sackton: We were not looking for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you know where we are?
Mike Sackton: More importantly, do you know where the Murfok are?
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: what happened to
Tim Sackton: kind of looks confused.
Tim Sackton: What happened to Caloria.
Mike Sackton: Have we heard of Coreya?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: who's that?
Kate Sackton: Were you.
Tim Sackton: Sheep.
Tim Sackton: She fled
Tim Sackton: from Buruli
Tim Sackton: Pass.
Tim Sackton: Something happened in the
Tim Sackton: ocean
Tim Sackton: fight.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Did you go down to the waters with others? And you're the only one who is here now.
Tim Sackton: So hard to remember. It was.
Tim Sackton: It was a guide, I think
Tim Sackton: the songs
Tim Sackton: not so much songs, the whispers.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: stories, the names.
Tim Sackton: like again changes.
Tim Sackton: Gloria said. Something happened to the garden.
Mike Sackton: A jade garden.
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it was
Tim Sackton: with some sort of green light.
Tim Sackton: one might call it that, I suppose.
Mike Sackton: Do you know where it is
Mike Sackton: still.
Tim Sackton: West
Tim Sackton: Far
Tim Sackton: Day's sale at most.
Mike Sackton: Is 10 years ago. That's when the jade would have hand would have fragmented right.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: That would have been much that would have been 30 years ago. 17.
Tim Sackton: 31 years ago, 1718, was when the jade Frenketon.
Mike Sackton: Wait. When did? Oh, Kenzo just didn't find his piece 31 years ago, because Kenzo is barely 30.
Tim Sackton: And there's not even 31.
Tim Sackton: I don't even know how old Kenzo is. But
Tim Sackton: Kenza was given his piece when he was like
Tim Sackton: 5 or something by his parents before they died.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So we don't know
Mike Sackton: when the
Mike Sackton: A.
Kate Sackton: Well, were you here when we were talking to the like
Kate Sackton: collector woman?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: about how the
Mike Sackton: Murpho treasures start. Stop showing up about 10 years ago. Right?
Mike Sackton: Was.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: She left.
Tim Sackton: Not perfect.
Mike Sackton: Bay.
Tim Sackton: Exactly at the timeline, but it was like 10 to 20 years ago. Some she was sort of hand baby.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, but it didn't. It also didn't exactly coincide with like when the jade would have arrived.
Kate Sackton: So there's probably a period when the
Kate Sackton: jade was here, but nothing
Kate Sackton: noticeably changed, and then
Kate Sackton: 1015, 20 years into it something noticeably changed, and for the past.
Mike Sackton: It's just. It's odd, because the philosophers build note
Mike Sackton: reading from
Mike Sackton: early reading in the correct time, right? Because they always the notes go backwards.
Mike Sackton: Starts in the present go backwards. It starts with a Murphok slaughtering, taking the jade.
Mike Sackton: then a more focused piece.
Mike Sackton: right singing to the jade.
Mike Sackton: Van Emerfo commanding the jade
Mike Sackton: right, and then Amerfoak, gloating over the waves.
Tim Sackton: I won't read the time order of those too literally.
Mike Sackton: Wow! You made it seem pretty clear that we should read them literally. Are you, Re? Realizing that perhaps the Mer folks slaughtered in the wrong order? There.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Look at the letter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe they were at peace, but all the slaughtered they were shortly to do.
Mike Sackton: It's just most of them start. The last sentence is, the jade
Mike Sackton: is how the jade is what the jade is right before it was found right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right you have to. Yes,
Tim Sackton: no, there is. There is a pattern.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! It's a little bit back and forth, isn't it? They're not perfect.
Tim Sackton: Sentence. Before
Tim Sackton: it does go backward, it goes from the present to the past.
Tim Sackton: it until the last sentence.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's how it works with all of them.
Mike Sackton: You're right. No, you're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait that.
Mike Sackton: Because right? Right? Right right right right. The jungles is da da da battlefield that the jade is buried. Quiet, not yet found to be found is the current.
Mike Sackton: The last sentence is current. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So the Murph is a piece singing to the jade. The Murpho commands the Murpho gloats, the Murph swims the Murpho slaughters.
Mike Sackton: So the the most recent status was from our folks, watering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Welcome!
Mike Sackton: Okay, is this guy.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does he want to come back to our ship with us?
Mike Sackton: I'll offer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So as far as like a hermit who's really familiar with like my folk inter species, little relationships and the politics that they're going through. Currently, he is not that that person. So let's just go figure it out for ourselves.
Tim Sackton: I I have to find Kaloria. I.
Mike Sackton: Where did you last see her.
Tim Sackton: She fled. She was
Tim Sackton: chaste.
Tim Sackton: She came ashore.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to remember. But
Tim Sackton: do you still have detect thoughts? I guess the tech thoughts would.
Mike Sackton: Still the OP. But it's probably fading. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as he's seeing this, you actually see that his
Tim Sackton: as memories.
Tim Sackton: his surface thoughts, are clearer than he's able to articulate.
Tim Sackton: And you see an image of a Murph woman
Tim Sackton: when he talks about Caloria.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: And he says
Tim Sackton: they're
Tim Sackton: when when he said she was being chased.
Tim Sackton: clearly referring to another, Murpho.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the faction split. Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Thought
Tim Sackton: so hard to
Tim Sackton: remember. Now I
Tim Sackton: I thought
Tim Sackton: it was. Caloria
Tim Sackton: gave me the vial and said.
Tim Sackton: Take this, keep it safe.
Tim Sackton: But what I drank was not safe.
Tim Sackton: It's a
Tim Sackton: twisted song of
Tim Sackton: some
Tim Sackton: creature.
Tim Sackton: Razan Coa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brazen Cola. Is that what you said.
Tim Sackton: As in coa.
Kate Sackton: Maybe a little of the tentacles on the far left of the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't call.
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: because I'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a familiar name. Tim.
Mike Sackton: ha! Ha!
Mike Sackton: This is cheating!
Mike Sackton: I I stuck Gaza at him in the in the search in Calgary verse.
Mike Sackton: Oh, and there's 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: More.
Mike Sackton: From malar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gosh!
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, boy!
Eric Rosenbaum: Off!
Kate Sackton: Doing our kind of checks.
Mike Sackton: Anybody heard of Gazan Killa!
Tim Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Casano, Gazan, Coa.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's do a dreaming on Kiso to get him to go. Ask Wazir
Mike Sackton: what Gaza is, but we wouldn't in game know that Gaza is something we should ask more war about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you would actually learn that much. All you ever knew in Mauer was Gaz and Co. Was some evil.
Tim Sackton: wider creature who
Tim Sackton: possessed that Guy Azer, who right
Tim Sackton: the enemy who is trying to steal the sentient ocean.
Mike Sackton: Ready.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's quite a lot of hits on Gazan Coa in the cipher scroll.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: so, anyway, but not to get distracted.
Mike Sackton: And where.
Kate Sackton: Or the top left corner of the map.
Mike Sackton: Where
Mike Sackton: did you leave the?
Mike Sackton: Did you weave?
Mike Sackton: What was her name? Colleague?
Mike Sackton: You fled with
Mike Sackton: the Merfolk.
Mike Sackton: What's your name, Tim? What was her name? Kelly?
Tim Sackton: Laura.
Mike Sackton: Corey, you fled with Coreya.
Mike Sackton: You left her behind.
Tim Sackton: Shoot.
Tim Sackton: I can see it.
Tim Sackton: her swimming
Tim Sackton: towards me.
Tim Sackton: coming up the beach.
Mike Sackton: Here.
Tim Sackton: Here, people behind her.
Tim Sackton: and then it's a blur.
Tim Sackton: Think there was a fight, but
Tim Sackton: my memory is
Tim Sackton: range.
Mike Sackton: Let's go this beach. He thinks it was.
Tim Sackton: This? Hmm!
Mike Sackton: Like here.
Tim Sackton: Think
Tim Sackton: here, or maybe
Tim Sackton: maybe it was the bay
Tim Sackton: across. I mean, you can see
Tim Sackton: Tamara Bay is about
Tim Sackton: 14 miles from here, so you can. I mean, you can see the coastline. There's a big sandy bay
Tim Sackton: across this 14 mile channel.
Tim Sackton: Just on the edge of what you can see.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: About the distance from like Nantucket to Cape Cod, maybe a little shorter.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: it's worth looking around for physical clues here. But I'm also gonna ask him if he does he have anything of
Mike Sackton: collar glorious.
Mike Sackton: any possessions of hers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe up at the house.
Mike Sackton: We'd like to. I'd like to help you find her.
Tim Sackton: Kept.
Tim Sackton: I kept the vial she gave me, but now I don't know if it was her who gave it to me.
Tim Sackton: and she
Tim Sackton: die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Move.
Kate Sackton: Sometimes in a tragic moment, a painful memory can get lost.
Eric Rosenbaum: Been many years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: We are sailing west.
Tim Sackton: Not think I can
Tim Sackton: face
Tim Sackton: the whispering ocean right now.
Tim Sackton: Do not know what it would say.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you could
Mike Sackton: tell us more of the
Mike Sackton: whispering ocean.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasion, check.
Mike Sackton: Also add this a stone you might want to meet.
Tim Sackton: My memories are
Tim Sackton: from
Tim Sackton: long ago now, but
Tim Sackton: it used to
Tim Sackton: speak of
Tim Sackton: the waves
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: people of the
Tim Sackton: those lost at sea.
Tim Sackton: I used to think it was.
Tim Sackton: Blessing.
Mike Sackton: Where? Which me is from?
Mike Sackton: What's the drug?
Tim Sackton: Batsa.
Mike Sackton: Guts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got so.
Mike Sackton: Cazenkoa comes is where Gatsa comes from. It's all connected.
Tim Sackton: I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So in.
Mike Sackton: Gaza comes from fish that eat that live in the sunshit ocean, doesn't it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but it's not got like from all kinds of animals. They better in the same. It accumulates like in their like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like a heavy metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what Mike is saying? Where does it come from? Originally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In Colwyn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jazilla.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, probably. So.
Tim Sackton: I'm remembering now. I
Tim Sackton: people would come.
Tim Sackton: people who had
Tim Sackton: loss.
Tim Sackton: people to the ocean.
Tim Sackton: Why did I
Tim Sackton: and take them out?
Tim Sackton: There's a
Tim Sackton: you could hear.
Tim Sackton: They're whispers.
Tim Sackton: you're there.
Tim Sackton: soft and comforting, and
Tim Sackton: thoughts and memories, and
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: think I was
Tim Sackton: read out at one.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: and what
Tim Sackton: music for this.
Tim Sackton: and I
Tim Sackton: I did did not get to speak to.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Gloria. There were others were there, others.
Tim Sackton: or the Murph fighting.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we think so.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: trick. Me!
Tim Sackton: Gloria would never do that.
Tim Sackton: She was running from something
Tim Sackton: kind of walks down to the beach a little bit, and puts his hand in the water.
Tim Sackton: It's all different now.
Tim Sackton: Don't know
Tim Sackton: it's not
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I can't
Tim Sackton: hear the whispers in
Tim Sackton: kind of sits down
Tim Sackton: with the way of stopping at his feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you like us to take you away from here.
Mike Sackton: Going back.
Tim Sackton: Cumor
Tim Sackton: least find
Tim Sackton: alright.
Tim Sackton: very.
Mike Sackton: Do you think she must be dead?
Tim Sackton: Remember of finding
Tim Sackton: she would have helped me if she lived.
Tim Sackton: Why would I drink that cursed water?
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Oof.
Tim Sackton: This sort of starts pacing along them
Tim Sackton: along the
Tim Sackton: the shore.
Tim Sackton: I can. I can see it.
Tim Sackton: 2 of them
Tim Sackton: more folk I didn't recognize
Tim Sackton: coming out of the bay now
Tim Sackton: chasing
Tim Sackton: Caloria.
Tim Sackton: It turned and I yelled
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: froze.
Tim Sackton: and my memory is all shattered.
Tim Sackton: The pounding waves! After that
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: could you help me find her? You've already
Tim Sackton: helped me, but
Tim Sackton: feel I must
Tim Sackton: know what happened.
Mike Sackton: You have a possession of hers. I can
Mike Sackton: seeker magically.
Mike Sackton: Course, if she is
Mike Sackton: not old
Mike Sackton: no longer amongst the living, it will not succeed.
Kate Sackton: We could devote 5 pairs of perceptive eyes to searching in this area.
Mike Sackton: Search the area with you for a short while.
Mike Sackton: We have some urgency on our errand to the West.
Mike Sackton: but we'd be glad to try and help
Mike Sackton: for a few minutes.
Tim Sackton: He kind of sits down again and just shakes his head
Tim Sackton: sort of nodding.
Tim Sackton: Do you think I
Tim Sackton: have
Tim Sackton: a vial? But
Tim Sackton: now I know not who gave that to me.
Mike Sackton: I could try. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: it's simply less likely to succeed.
Tim Sackton: I would be grateful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll also come over and just have a look at the vial closely. There's any.
Mike Sackton: While the person scribe actually takes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sir!
Mike Sackton: 10 min to cast. Well, the perceptive people go about
Mike Sackton: being perceptive.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Try, scry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, she gets some pluses.
Mike Sackton: 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whenever she's.
Mike Sackton: Dad
Mike Sackton: obviously succeeds.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: You do. Okay? Well, deal with the crying seekers examining the vial.
Tim Sackton: What are the rest of you doing?
Tim Sackton: Searching.
Kate Sackton: Happen along the cove
Kate Sackton: for a Murphl body that has been neglected by.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah remains. It's a good call.
Kate Sackton: And years.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: everybody who's searching make perception or investigation, your choice
Tim Sackton: or survival
Tim Sackton: or nature, any of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Morning one.
Tim Sackton: Where did you roll reception?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay. So and see, Jamaica are kinda
Tim Sackton: with advantage, because you're exempting an item with your goggles, presumably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Years.
Eric Rosenbaum: I only got 34.
Tim Sackton: Only a 34, I mean.
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: while the 3 of you pace up and down, the
Tim Sackton: sure seeker takes out this violet and looks at it, and
Tim Sackton: you notice a few things immediately
Tim Sackton: in your investigation. So one is
Tim Sackton: it's not so. It's not made of. It looks like it's made of glass. But this is not glass.
Tim Sackton: You're not sure what it is.
Tim Sackton: Actually you
Tim Sackton: like looking at it in your goggles, and just kind of like
Tim Sackton: doing your sort of magic attunment thing.
Tim Sackton: This does not seem to be material from that
Tim Sackton: like this file was probably made on some other plane.
Tim Sackton: It almost looks like
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: solid water, somehow.
Tim Sackton: that's been solid, not frozen.
Eric Rosenbaum: At.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, my, my scry won't work if she's on a different plane.
Tim Sackton: Your scribe does not work.
Tim Sackton: The 3 of you searching
Tim Sackton: You don't find any sign of a body
Tim Sackton: but Kenzo and
Tim Sackton: well be, you notice, like as you're walking up and down the coast.
Tim Sackton: There's a
Tim Sackton: part of like a patch about
Tim Sackton: 2030 feet offshore.
Tim Sackton: where the waves are are
Tim Sackton: breaking over what looks like something that's like just a bit of a submerged rock. Every now and then you you can see, like as the sun shining. It looks like there's maybe a
Tim Sackton: glint of
Tim Sackton: some sort of metal
Tim Sackton: flashing from that
Tim Sackton: rock every now and then as the waves break it. I mean, it could just be
Tim Sackton: the way the what the water makes the rock wet, or something like that, but
Tim Sackton: strikes you as odd.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me see if I can. Find a fish swimming in the shallows and beast sense, and go investigate through the fish's eyes.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make them
Tim Sackton: make a animal handling check, but using dexterity
Tim Sackton: instead of wisdom in order to try and catch a fish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: When you wear hands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's 25 rather than 23.
Tim Sackton: 3, 5. Okay, yes. You catch a fish.
Tim Sackton: Be sent into it and send it to me out
Tim Sackton: swimming around.
Tim Sackton: The water is
Tim Sackton: quite rich with marine life here, like there's it's sort of like a
Tim Sackton: California sort of coastal tide pool sort of scene like there's urchins, and there's.
Tim Sackton: you know, and enemies and stuff, and
Tim Sackton: you swim out. So there's a rock.
Tim Sackton: The fish swims around the rock as you look in the least sense.
Tim Sackton: There definitely seem to be bones.
Tim Sackton: like lot like
Tim Sackton: piled at the bottom of the rock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many and what kind of creatures worth of bones are there.
Tim Sackton: Please make a medicine check.
Tim Sackton: It's a
Tim Sackton: bit strange. Actually.
Tim Sackton: it seems to be like
Tim Sackton: humanoid.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: not
Tim Sackton: quite like some fish like bones as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So femurs.
Tim Sackton: Well, Murfock
Tim Sackton: are not like mermaids right? They don't have. They can walk on land right? But they have. They have like webbed feet and like
Tim Sackton: long fins, and like thin, spiny, thin bones that make.
Tim Sackton: So it's not it's humanoid, but there's extra bones that like would make
Tim Sackton: fins
Tim Sackton: like weirdly long fingers.
Tim Sackton: You, you infer
Tim Sackton: it's it's good with high level parties. You never fail any. You almost never fail any checks, except we're done with all the one on a
Tim Sackton: persuasion. So you always get all the information
Eric Rosenbaum: Convenient.
Tim Sackton: Although the 34 was
Tim Sackton: learning that was extra. Planner was not easy.
Tim Sackton: That was a good role.
Tim Sackton: the. This is definitely
Tim Sackton: the bones of
Tim Sackton: probably a single more folk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything besides bones or there? There was a glint of something metal.
Tim Sackton: Well, the fish can't swim out of the water. It's the fish won't go up high enough to see what's
Tim Sackton: like, and but and not all the bones were there like it looks like
Tim Sackton: you're imagining. The scene was that
Tim Sackton: somebody was killed and sort of thrown back against the rock.
Tim Sackton: Some of their bones fell to the ground, and some stuff is was stuck nestled at the top of the rock.
Mike Sackton: should we? Would it be useful to
Mike Sackton: just? I mean, you could fly presumably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Say like, I'll say the Kenzo, you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dude!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you like welcome water?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Kenzo can run out there.
Mike Sackton: I can also
Mike Sackton: grow gales, if that would be helpful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or I could just walk on water.
Mike Sackton: Go for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like gills is cool. But like I'm not gonna miss a chance to see Kenzo just walk across the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As it starts moonwalking like nobody know. Nobody seen Michael Jackson before.
Tim Sackton: So right? So it's like the it's like the, you know martial arts that like
Tim Sackton: you can, you can run on water, but you can't stand for a long time. You'll sink
Tim Sackton: but you run across the water.
Tim Sackton: Stand. Stand here. You could when you're standing on this rock formation about 20
Tim Sackton: 30 feet offshore.
Tim Sackton: You can see that there's like a
Tim Sackton: There's a
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the bones have kind of been scattered, but there's what looks like a
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: that like this? I don't know. I forget what it's called the arm, like where the wrist is, and there's like a golden
Tim Sackton: up
Tim Sackton: bracelet
Tim Sackton: nestled on the top of the rock.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Do we find out if this is
Mike Sackton: this guy's
Mike Sackton: Kirsten?
Mike Sackton: Presumably he'd recognize the bracelet if it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That get the bracelet or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I bring it back, or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's let's
Mike Sackton: tell the guy we found a dead merm
Mike Sackton: folk. Here's their bracelet. Is this
Mike Sackton: bum
Mike Sackton: glorious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, Tim, you know, when I do like kind of the entertainment to find like meetings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never met a Murpho before like until that this is a Murpho body. I'm looking at.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I spent a little whatever time, if that's helpful for me to kinda you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even though it's dead.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, well, your whole thing works on like
Tim Sackton: key and
Tim Sackton: people's soul. So a dead body doesn't really do anything for you.
Mike Sackton: Especially a 10 year old thing.
Tim Sackton: No aura to sense on a dead body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There. Alright!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I bring that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: via.
Tim Sackton: He looks up and, like his face falls.
Tim Sackton: She is dead. Then
Tim Sackton: what could have happened?
Tim Sackton: You sort of size, and and
Tim Sackton: sits down on the
Tim Sackton: ground, just kind of looking around unsure of himself, or what to do next.
Tim Sackton: What are you all doing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think it's worth
Mike Sackton: taking half. I mean, we could even
Mike Sackton: take an hour and
Mike Sackton: make sure. This guy's like, you know, has some food. Seems like we'll be okay. Spend a little bit of time trying to get any other stories
Mike Sackton: we can out of him. Try and get him to reminisce about
Mike Sackton: Kalaria. Take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: etc.
Mike Sackton: and then fly back to the boat and head west
Mike Sackton: would be my proposal. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean he doesn't want to come with us. We can just leave him.
Mike Sackton: We can tell him we'll stop on our way back if he wants to ride
Mike Sackton: back towards civilization.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should try to convince him to come with us like he knows. Presumably he speaks more folk
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like hid a way into that. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's chantry
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): civilization, like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure. Why, why don't we make another shot at convincing him to come with us? Basically, we don't want you to come. You don't have to come under the waves with us.
Mike Sackton: We have a fun halfling party boat. They'll take care of you.
Tim Sackton: He is.
Tim Sackton: no matter what you say, he is not prepared to
Tim Sackton: leave this place in the next.
Tim Sackton: You know, this afternoon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Human.
Tim Sackton: You know he has a boat. He's
Tim Sackton: clearly has sailed at places like he's got food. He needs a bit of time to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you give us like like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know. Suggestions, tips, and tricks. How how do we find the Merf folk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and how do we
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like have a polite conversation with them.
Kate Sackton: To sometimes just walk in to the water from this beach
Kate Sackton: and encounter them? Or were they going out of their usual range when they were chasing Gloria.
Tim Sackton: It did come close. Sometimes
Tim Sackton: I remember I,
Tim Sackton: starting to come back to me a little bit.
Tim Sackton: came out here
Tim Sackton: after my husband died in a shipwreck.
Tim Sackton: thought.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what I thought.
Tim Sackton: Hilaria helped me
Tim Sackton: hear the water.
Tim Sackton: There were so many
Tim Sackton: names and
Tim Sackton: memories
Tim Sackton: in the waves then.
Tim Sackton: Now it seems like there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Room.
Tim Sackton: Just a
Tim Sackton: I don't know what
Tim Sackton: dissonance somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: His names.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of names?
Tim Sackton: Almost like a memorial garden.
Tim Sackton: To those who had passed on.
Tim Sackton: everybody
Tim Sackton: who was lost to the ocean was not actually lost.
Tim Sackton: They were part of the ocean's voice.
Tim Sackton: Alaria told me that.
Tim Sackton: Well, there are many
Tim Sackton: more folk settlements, but
Tim Sackton: those who lived west of here
Tim Sackton: and Omi.
Tim Sackton: They attended this garden
Tim Sackton: carefully, and they would
Tim Sackton: coax the
Tim Sackton: help to bloom.
Tim Sackton: lure, fish, to nibble.
Tim Sackton: and then the fish would carry the songs
Tim Sackton: and the whispers and the tails
Tim Sackton: of those lost
Tim Sackton: was like
Tim Sackton: the ocean could speak.
Tim Sackton: and nobody was
Tim Sackton: truly gone. As long as the ocean
Tim Sackton: kept your voice.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you're saying it's the fish that are speaking, not the ocean.
Tim Sackton: No, it's the waves
Tim Sackton: while it was the waves.
Tim Sackton: I mean. The fish were part of it, too, and the kelp and the Murphok.
Tim Sackton: Everybody was
Tim Sackton: part of that.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: don't know what's happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything else.
Tim Sackton: Size, and and
Tim Sackton: sits down again, and sort of looks
Tim Sackton: at the sun, which is now kind of
Tim Sackton: drifting down towards the horizon, but still a few hours from sunset.
Tim Sackton: probably like
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 h, 2 h from sunset.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: I think that's
Tim Sackton: what I did
Tim Sackton: guide people
Tim Sackton: who had lost loved ones to hear their voices again
Tim Sackton: in the waves.
Tim Sackton: Ocean that had
Tim Sackton: taken up their name
Tim Sackton: kind of shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: But now I don't know.
Tim Sackton: was a very peaceful place. Once
Tim Sackton: kind of looks down at the
Tim Sackton: ships wrecked along the
Tim Sackton: coast
Tim Sackton: seems not so anymore.
Tim Sackton: I feel I should offer you
Tim Sackton: hospitality for what you've done, but
Tim Sackton: I'm afraid I have little but
Tim Sackton: salt fish and
Tim Sackton: some
Tim Sackton: eager greens to offer.
Tim Sackton: If you would stay.
Tim Sackton: do my best.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we should, we should. We should go, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Request calls us on word. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Say they didn't hear that, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that checks the impending apocalyptic doom clock.
Mike Sackton: Time to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Max.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's ticking.
Tim Sackton: It's ticking. It's down. Let's see.
Tim Sackton: 19 days now, I think, or 18.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To be clear like once he gets out. It's not like we fight him that day right? It's like, you know, he's got like a mass and army, build up some strength, do some other stuff.
Mike Sackton: No, I think if he gets out, his magic is strong enough that he can beat us.
Tim Sackton: He will be much easier to kill if you, if you attack him while he's still trapped in his tube.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Not that it's impossible to defeat them otherwise, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, like, are we really trying to get all the way to fucking core in 19 days.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's that's why we have a teleport spell. We're not sailing back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get it. But it's also like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really, that's pretty fast. It's a little aggressive. What do you guys think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, yes, really think like he's gonna be in that big of a I mean he has. He's been in trapped. Don't do these once like party for a little bit like relax, go, watch a movie any like immediately, like, Oh, let me go conquer the world today like.
Tim Sackton: Role playing game. You can decide what to do. Whatever you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying, you know, it's like, Is it really 19 days like, how strict is this deadline? You know. That's what I'm kind of getting out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, at.
Mike Sackton: It's all in Kenza's head. Honestly like, we don't actually know this is real.
Mike Sackton: This is just Kenzo theorizing from his terrible dreams.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, maybe you know, I don't know. I just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is me, Dave Dave Kong talking in here. But.
Mike Sackton: Maybe maybe Kenz is like
Mike Sackton: guys. You know, my dreams are fine. Don't worry about it. It'll all be okay.
Mike Sackton: I just made up the 19 days, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, anyways, Kenzo is gonna continue reporting the days. But also, like, I'm kinda like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really, you know.
Mike Sackton: It would be good to just before we leave. Ask this guy like
Mike Sackton: basic Murph. Etiquette
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: is it terribly rude to
Mike Sackton: look at them in the eye, or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Spit in the water.
Mike Sackton: Swim above them, or like, you know.
Mike Sackton: Not that I'm not suggesting we like role, play it out since.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But but like it's worth spending a few minutes just like.
Kate Sackton: What does he remember?
Tim Sackton: Welby's never used background feature of like quickly learning about cultures of new places.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And today is the day.
Tim Sackton: Is is happening.
Tim Sackton: Session 99.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you. You get a basic sense of like Murph. Etiquette, you know.
Tim Sackton: This guy clearly
Tim Sackton: has spent time with my folk, and, like used to
Tim Sackton: speak with them fairly, regularly and like, gives you a whole rundown about like
Tim Sackton: basics of like how to be polite among more folk and things like that.
Tim Sackton: but also keep sort of repeating, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, things seem different now.
Tim Sackton: The biggest thing that you get away from that is that Murfock are really
Tim Sackton: like, it sounds like they're very alien, like.
Tim Sackton: There's all these stories about them, helping people, and also like luring people into the ocean to their deaths.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: from a human point of view it seems totally arbitrary who lives and who dies, but
Tim Sackton: he attempts to convince you, anyway, that
Tim Sackton: Blake.
Tim Sackton: they're just thinking like the ocean. You can't.
Tim Sackton: The ocean is both like the.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: source of wealth for this entire region.
Tim Sackton: and also like
Tim Sackton: giant storms with crashing waves. Right?
Tim Sackton: So you can't really think of them in terms of like.
Tim Sackton: you know, imagine is like good and bad. On the other hand, like
Tim Sackton: whatever's happened recently, is.
Mike Sackton: Barely
Mike Sackton: odd in some fashion.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: And there's also this sense that, like they don't really think
Tim Sackton: they sort of perceive leaving the ocean as death
Tim Sackton: somehow
Tim Sackton: right? And so they have this very weird sense of like.
Tim Sackton: Well, if you drown in a shipwreck, you don't really. It's not really dying.
Tim Sackton: But if you retire
Tim Sackton: as a fisherman and go live on land. For the last 20 years of your life. You are, you basically may as well be dead.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But also you don't really like you don't really know like.
Tim Sackton: is that all more folk? Is that just these more folk who live in this cup forest like it's very
Tim Sackton: unclear to him and to you and to everybody like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Is that just the sunny and ocean like? Who knows?
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But that's the sense you get.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you leave him to his grief and devices
Tim Sackton: and recovery.
Tim Sackton: you do before you leave.
Tim Sackton: He does manage to remember his name. This is Dorian
Tim Sackton: you heard stories of in
Tim Sackton: right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: you you return to the boat
Tim Sackton: around 4 30.
Tim Sackton: So with maybe an hour and a half
Tim Sackton: of sunlight.
Tim Sackton: there is a new moon today, so it will be dark
Tim Sackton: by the time when the sun sets.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think our plan is to go as far as we can West
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: although maybe we want to wait for daylight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We wanna see if there's Murph lights that show up at night.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay, no, that's that's smart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Those!
Eric Rosenbaum: And we have any Moon phase-based hypotheses.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we had a
Mike Sackton: strong one.
Tim Sackton: No, it's just
Tim Sackton: would give a cast a fair bit of light.
Tim Sackton: dark vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So we'll just stare down into the water as we go.
Tim Sackton: So you start sailing west.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Sunsets.
Tim Sackton: sailing. There's a so it was tough going
Tim Sackton: tacking
Tim Sackton: sort of southwest.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: but going west is
Tim Sackton: is easier.
Tim Sackton: because you're now running before the wind.
Tim Sackton: and you go.
Tim Sackton: You know you maybe manage to go 20 miles or so before
Tim Sackton: before as the sun sats.
Tim Sackton: It's a beautiful sunset.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: continue going
Tim Sackton: into the night, watching the
Tim Sackton: ocean, watching everything, everybody kind of
Tim Sackton: attuned to
Tim Sackton: what you might see.
Tim Sackton: You see no lights
Tim Sackton: pitch black.
Tim Sackton: beautiful stars out above your head, but nothing in the ocean, just
Tim Sackton: dark
Tim Sackton: blue water stretching as far as the eye can see.
Tim Sackton: and, in fact.
Tim Sackton: as you sail, I mean the half the pipa is actually loving this because the stars are. It's like finally a clear day.
Tim Sackton: The wind's blowing, the stars are out super easy to navigate dead west by the stars.
Tim Sackton: You just continue sailing
Tim Sackton: another.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Ours
Tim Sackton: another 20 miles
Tim Sackton: by midnight.
Tim Sackton: You've gone maybe 50 miles from the island
Tim Sackton: by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's him!
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kendall's. Also, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tuning with Nature, checking out vibes going on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shit weird.
Tim Sackton: Capital.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting weird.
Tim Sackton: Early early
Tim Sackton: in the morning.
Tim Sackton: As Kenza's, you know, at watch.
Tim Sackton: Most of the rest of you are sleeping.
Tim Sackton: You start to feel
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: tug
Tim Sackton: of the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sweet.
Tim Sackton: It seems.
Eric Rosenbaum: Us.
Tim Sackton: Like you're getting close, but also that it is
Tim Sackton: incredibly far away at the same time almost impossible it is.
Tim Sackton: It is both
Tim Sackton: within 50 miles and an infinite distance away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Deep in the ocean.
Mike Sackton: I didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Different.
Mike Sackton: Lane.
Mike Sackton: You can.
Kate Sackton: Same letter.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this plan of water?
Mike Sackton: I think we're gonna find out.
Tim Sackton: Begin sailing
Tim Sackton: again.
Tim Sackton: As
Tim Sackton: dawn breaks
Tim Sackton: the light shining behind you.
Tim Sackton: you see
Tim Sackton: M.
Tim Sackton: Completely out out of the side of land.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the wind
Tim Sackton: becomes calm.
Tim Sackton: You can sense that you're
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. You can sense that you're close like.
Tim Sackton: although again, in this strange way that it's both.
Tim Sackton: you know, within a few miles and
Tim Sackton: super far away.
Tim Sackton: But somehow you've now
Tim Sackton: the wind has completely died
Tim Sackton: and the ship is just adrift. It's almost like you
Tim Sackton: doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Well, we would sense given, I think. Well, be as proficiency in nature.
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: just English.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So while we would sense that this is just.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like you sailed.
Tim Sackton: There was wind a minute ago, and you sailed across some
Tim Sackton: barrier, and now it's just this dead calm.
Tim Sackton: So the ship is not. This ship is too big to row. It's not moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: We get in the
Eric Rosenbaum: the folding
Eric Rosenbaum: and proceed on that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, at what point do we? Just how close are we to this
Mike Sackton: portal? To the plate of water.
Tim Sackton: Probably 5 miles.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we just take our
Mike Sackton: kill pills and
Mike Sackton: jump in the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gill pills.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We wanna get a little closer. Does that matter.
Mike Sackton: Lead.
Mike Sackton: The only way we could get a
Mike Sackton: on
Mike Sackton: the only way we could get closer is by taking our folding boat. I guess we could fold up our folding boat.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, why don't we? Why don't we fold boat closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so. Cause we can grow. Yeah, we can grow that thing.
Mike Sackton: Grow it, and we can fold it up and take it with us, so that.
Tim Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: When we hop out. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But unfold you, Beau, what Piva asks.
Tim Sackton: what's up like? This is a weird
Tim Sackton: you've just sailed into a zone of completely calm water.
Tim Sackton: No wind. You think about 5 miles from what you guess is a portal to the plain of Water, where the
Tim Sackton: jade is on the other side of the portal.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo consent, both 5 miles away and an infinite distance away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trope.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But where are you telling your
Tim Sackton: halfling companions and Martina like?
Tim Sackton: Should we wait for you? What's going on here? They're pretty nervous at this point.
Kate Sackton: And they go anywhere.
Mike Sackton: Honestly, they should get out of here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Where.
Tim Sackton: They've kind of. They've got us, you know. A few small boats. They can do the like.
Tim Sackton: Little boat rolls out with the anchor. They winch the anchor so that they can get a.
Mike Sackton: No, they honestly
Mike Sackton: we appreciate all of their efforts.
Mike Sackton: We will probably won't see you again.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna get back a different way. Next time we're in this area.
Mike Sackton: you know, we'll be sure to look you up.
Mike Sackton: Blah blah blah! But don't wait.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's a party.
Mike Sackton: Get out of here.
Tim Sackton: We're expecting the party when you come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, of course.
Mike Sackton: Wait? Did we.
Eric Rosenbaum: The of.
Mike Sackton: Marty.
Eric Rosenbaum: To celebrate.
Tim Sackton: Promised them a party, and also
Tim Sackton: what about Milo?
Tim Sackton: We came out here to rescue him. Do you think he's.
Mike Sackton: He's probably down there.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is clearly making her nervous. She's a hundred percent taking the if you say Go, she's going like
Tim Sackton: this is spooky magic.
Mike Sackton: Milos, honestly, is it?
Mike Sackton: I should have really been trying to describe Milo like several times a day every day.
Tim Sackton: Every single.
Eric Rosenbaum: Multiple emails.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: He's on another plane.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or or he's dead.
Mike Sackton: Or he's dead. But if Mila is alive he's down there on the other side of that portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll do our best to bring it back.
Mike Sackton: We'll try and bring them back. No question. We won't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll definitely bring him back.
Mike Sackton: We'll we'll bring him
Mike Sackton: somewhere. But it
Mike Sackton: we'll be back here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shrugs, as if to say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Elves.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Maybe they could go back and see if
Kate Sackton: Dorian wants to ride home. At that point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Little.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because you need.
Kate Sackton: although it's hard to get during Co. Without flight.
Mike Sackton: Basically.
Tim Sackton: And get himself home if he wants to leave the island.
Mike Sackton: He has a boat.
Tim Sackton: Once. He's happy to.
Mike Sackton: No get get out of here. Honestly, the faster you can get out of here the better. It's probably gonna be bad.
Mike Sackton: We
Mike Sackton: we will give you a party or we'll die. But we're really not sure which is gonna happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're alive, you're definitely getting a partner. Don't worry.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: wow!
Tim Sackton: I hope you succeed.
Tim Sackton: and good luck.
Tim Sackton: and she you get out of the folding boat
Tim Sackton: and she
Tim Sackton: she launches her her launches so that
Tim Sackton: they can, they can, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, toe
Tim Sackton: the big ship with the little ship back into the out of this like weird, dead zone of be calmed magical water
Tim Sackton: as you proceed to row
Tim Sackton: in increasing silence.
Tim Sackton: The only noise.
Tim Sackton: the dip
Tim Sackton: and clank of your oars.
Tim Sackton: no sound of wind, no sound of waves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This. This is an objectively bad. We're in a 10 foot canoe in the open ocean, rowing to the elemental plain of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, this is the plan we're we're doing. We're doing great. Well, the.
Mike Sackton: What part of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems.
Mike Sackton: Like a bad idea to you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Skill pills.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All, all the words in the sentin
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): switch. But.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: should we should we should we jump in, and I mean, I guess I guess we can't take our gill pills until we're jumping in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a fair point. This is better than swimming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Julie doesn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody gave me time to make the
Mike Sackton: The water, helmets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Water helmets. Yeah, so unfortunately, I don't have those.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Flesh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A boat out of stone for us.
Tim Sackton: Kevin Kevin.
Tim Sackton: Sunk at the bottom of some river somewhere.
Tim Sackton: So you row
Tim Sackton: takes you a bit. Not I mean you're you're good
Tim Sackton: oarsman like it doesn't take that long to
Tim Sackton: cross the
Tim Sackton: miles.
Tim Sackton: and it seems like you're
Tim Sackton: you're rowing to the very center of this dead
Tim Sackton: point in the ocean.
Tim Sackton: It's now as you progress, it's it's become
Tim Sackton: completely dead calm.
Tim Sackton: like you're rowing across glass, smooth water.
Tim Sackton: and even
Tim Sackton: the dip of your oars seems to.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like the ocean fights back against
Tim Sackton: your oars like it's trying to even keep you from moving.
Tim Sackton: But Kenza sense
Tim Sackton: you're muted, Kong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim, my, my communal nature thing like was this, like, everything's like, what's going on? What's the vibes.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo slips into a trance, as
Tim Sackton: I guess Risen is the only one who's really strong enough to actually operate oars.
Tim Sackton: Well, we could probably row to. But you're a little small
Tim Sackton: for this boat.
Tim Sackton: So as risen and Welby wrote, Row, the boat
Tim Sackton: dealt with
Tim Sackton: keeps, lookout, seeker curses that he didn't build water helmets.
Tim Sackton: Ken so
Tim Sackton: slips into presentation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speakers rowing, using the movable rod by just clicking it in the air and pulling on it, and then releasing it.
Tim Sackton: Actually a good way to row.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo slips into a trance.
Tim Sackton: and you can feel now
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: some distance below you like
Tim Sackton: quite quite deep.
Tim Sackton: Half a mile deep. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: this
Tim Sackton: swirling
Tim Sackton: vortex of
Tim Sackton: intrusion.
Tim Sackton: of another plane, of a gaping hole to another plane
Tim Sackton: through which can sense the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sweet.
Tim Sackton: All around you in the water.
Tim Sackton: You sense
Tim Sackton: you have a strange sense, actually.
Tim Sackton: There's this
Tim Sackton: hum and buzz of
Tim Sackton: noise, of
Tim Sackton: songs of some kind of like
Tim Sackton: echoing
Tim Sackton: sounds.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't feel wrong. It feels
Tim Sackton: not peaceful, exactly watchful.
Tim Sackton: and the sense you get
Tim Sackton: from this is
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: place that you're selling.
Tim Sackton: This is like
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: immune defense against them
Tim Sackton: that sealed off this portal.
Tim Sackton: The wind and the waves and everything, has
Tim Sackton: created a barrier.
Tim Sackton: All of its energies are going to
Tim Sackton: keeping whatever wants to come through this portal from spreading.
Tim Sackton: Hasn't
Tim Sackton: the ocean can't close the
Tim Sackton: break in
Tim Sackton: form? A barrier between the rest of the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interest.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to close the portal
Eric Rosenbaum: to the plain of water.
Tim Sackton: But you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how.
Tim Sackton: Through the portal to get the jade.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And so it was very clear that the jade is on the other side of the court. Whether you wanna solve every problem or not.
Tim Sackton: is a different decision.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could. Tele, we could teleport out.
Mike Sackton: Vinge, Sharma, teleport works, cross plains.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ray.
Tim Sackton: Ridge from any plane to get back to me and.
Mike Sackton: We've sent Vindicarna towards drank cor.
Tim Sackton: Towards use case should be reaching Ouskaar pretty soon. In day or 2.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: are.
Mike Sackton: Plan
Mike Sackton: is, I think, to go through the portal.
Mike Sackton: find the jade.
Mike Sackton: close the portal.
Mike Sackton: fix the ocean
Mike Sackton: teleport to Vindicarna.
Mike Sackton: go to drink or find the other piece of jade.
Mike Sackton: kill a polyon.
Mike Sackton: Come back here, have a party.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's.
Tim Sackton: Obviously.
Mike Sackton: There's no steps in that plan seeker that have any chance of going wrong whatsoever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well do we? Do we like that order? I mean, we could do the party first, and then.
Mike Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have mixed it up a little bit.
Mike Sackton: This is like, but yeah, we we gotta give a poly on a chance to get out of a shell dust.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saying it.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, how did like seriously, like Dollar? How did you feel after being trapped in like another dimension for all those years where you immediately like, Oh, let me go and like, have this big agenda right? Didn't you want to relax for a little bit first?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you immediately like? Let me go conquer the world, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I guess I guess maybe he's been plotting his vengeance silently, for, like, you know, millennia, you know very specific plans for what he's gonna do the instant he gets out. But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At least like a like a weekend retreat with his senior executives.
Mike Sackton: I'll invite him to the you've lost a lot of time. Now what sport group! See how he does.
Tim Sackton: So I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An ideal support. Remember.
Tim Sackton: Are you taking your pills and growing gills.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker splashes a hand in the water to check the temperature.
Tim Sackton: Cold, fairly cold.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is how it's gonna be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably only gets colder as you go deeper, doesn't it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sticker is like the most timid, like powerful adventurer like ever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm I'm really scared of violence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gonna look right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Water.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. So I just have a very sensitive skin. So
Eric Rosenbaum: really allergic to swords, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Battles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But as long as you're like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there like really big fish? Are there any really big fish in this part of the.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's tentacles on the map, but that's probably doesn't mean anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, of course not.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I don't think we have
Eric Rosenbaum: many other ideas then to just go for a swim. Now.
Mike Sackton: Wrecked.
Tim Sackton: South do it?
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: shew this
Tim Sackton: dummy
Tim Sackton: gelatinous substance.
Tim Sackton: And you feel
Tim Sackton: you feel
Tim Sackton: suddenly as if you're choking
Tim Sackton: like struggling to breathe as
Tim Sackton: your lungs close and gills grow.
Tim Sackton: and you dive into the water.
Tim Sackton: feeling
Tim Sackton: not exactly at home, because it doesn't grant you a swim speed, or anything like that. But
Tim Sackton: it's nice, like the water is nice to breathe.
Tim Sackton: It's a strange sensation. None of you well, deal with us had gales, but the rest of you have never had gales before
Tim Sackton: you into Sync.
Tim Sackton: You have to swim
Tim Sackton: to.
Tim Sackton: We have to swim down pretty fast. Keep up with rising, sinking in her plate armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To Kevin.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The manner is grab, hold.
Tim Sackton: Us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The manner I see.
Tim Sackton: You can't wear the manneris suit and your cloak that makes you immune to freight and charm at the same time, because they're both cloaks.
Tim Sackton: You gotta pick one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, what do you guys think?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pat, you.
Mike Sackton: Go with the mayor suit right now. I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's up to you.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I guess that lets you swim and breathe water right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Kenzo is swimming acrobatically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Well, be presumably is a pretty decent swimmer, having grown up in the ocean. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: neither of the dwarves are particularly.
Mike Sackton: Honestly, I was just gonna say, Kenza, you should probably not choose the gill pill
Mike Sackton: and just use the manner right cloak, so that we have 2 spares for now you can always keep one on you so you can eat it in an emergency, right? But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like some actions.
Tim Sackton: Eating
Tim Sackton: action, to eat action, to eat the antidote
Tim Sackton: So as you descend into the depths, guided by Kenzo and the
Tim Sackton: pull of the jade that he's following.
Tim Sackton: both near and far, clearly leading you to a portal. The ocean closes around you.
Tim Sackton: and you can feel as if you're swimming through this, or swimming into bumping up against this protective barrier, you can hear
Tim Sackton: voices
Tim Sackton: in the water, I
Tim Sackton: swirling cacophony of whispers blending and echoing
Tim Sackton: quiet and loud.
Tim Sackton: fast, and slow.
Tim Sackton: You can't hear the individual words, but there's like a hum and a buzz
Tim Sackton: of coherent sounds begin to emerge
Tim Sackton: a chant that's
Tim Sackton: probing.
Tim Sackton: Who are you?
Tim Sackton: Who comes to the deep? Who are you? What secrets do you keep?
Tim Sackton: Who are you? What are your stories
Tim Sackton: questioning
Tim Sackton: you? Somebody.
Tim Sackton: the ocean, the sentient ocean that's guarding this portal that's keeping anything in or out. You bring danger or relief.
Tim Sackton: and as the words fade, colors swirl in your vision and it gets dark
Tim Sackton: as you sink completely into the whispers of the sentient ocean.
Tim Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: And that is where we will stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: So for next session I'm work. I haven't quite sorted it out yet, but I'm working on a
Tim Sackton: mechanic that will be based partly on
Tim Sackton: navigating via sort of like the hall of stories navigating via your characters.
Tim Sackton: Memories, but particularly doesn't have to just be backstorm right? You can go back through everything that's happened over the past 100 sessions.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: in the next whatever 2 weeks.
Tim Sackton: If anybody has any time.
Tim Sackton: give a little bit of thought. So
Tim Sackton: what? Your Ca, what each of your characters? Memories are of
Tim Sackton: the campaign so far, and
Tim Sackton: what happened to you before the campaign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know what Kenzo is gonna be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's how you know him. I was like.
Tim Sackton: No, this will be so.
Tim Sackton: I again like, I said, I haven't quite figured out exactly how it's gonna work.
Tim Sackton: It will be sort of like that session a while ago, like
Tim Sackton: few years ago, or something when you were in the hall of Stories and Dunmar, and you were trying to
Tim Sackton: learn information by using memories that were similar to the information you're trying to learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Technology yeah.
Tim Sackton: Navigating through a maze
Tim Sackton: via character moments. So keep them in mind, cause cause you'll have to say what your character is remembering for next time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I just message you in the chat.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yes, of course, except while he's the only one who's really died.
Tim Sackton: I know Kenzos really died, too. That's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really died at least once, yeah, twice, right?
Tim Sackton: No, I think just once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bishwin and I definitely die.
Tim Sackton: That was it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That then I haven't just gone unconscious like 5 times like.
Tim Sackton: He's been unconscious a bunch of times.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker has been in significant danger, repeatedly perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric, you're gonna appreciate this a lot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anytime I hear like throat singing. I think about you like literally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we've been sitting here. I just like I just like I close my eyes and I see you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey? My family really has
Eric Rosenbaum: making weird noises nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not even making weird noises like specifically put singing. It's like.